i was expecting better for gaming .
but its not good. i bought today but now im going to sell it as soon as possible .
i got 6gb version at nearly 11k in offer best value for money deal .
flipkart delivery was pathetic but the phone is awesome .
its is the best mobile phone in its category and price with the features that it has in it for the amount being paid .
instead of buying third grade chinese product like mi , oppo , vivo , huawai people can always buy this product and its value for money .
i bought this mobile on november 2. after three months mobile condition
finger print sensor is not working
fast charger not works. may be a update fix this
it takes 5 to 7 hours for full charging. some times fast charge works and it takes 2.30 hours
you can &apos;t use flash in mobiles while the object is near. it will show white screen .
i thinking want to change mobile in next three months
this is bad product .
in this mobile privacy not secure.and flipkart easy return policy is froud policy .
one new problem created phone not locked .
am getting trouble front camera
it &apos;s not working properly .
sometimes the device suddenly struck .
and i asked in helpline in online but they didn &apos;t say proper solutions to me .
finally i wasted money to buy this device .
flipkart doing it &apos;s not fair business , we are not fooles to purchase product on-line especially on flipkart. after expiring exchange / refund time u r sending sorry seller not excepted u r request , it &apos;s not fair .
not getting updates , update patch is of april , not getting proper battery backups .
worst mobile i have ever purchased .
the phone is good it &apos;s battery is awesome nice camera and it comes with a nice processor happy with this phone so far so good thanks flipkart for such a good service
the product is superb n thanks flipkart for its super fast delivery .
i got it in 2 days
it &apos;s an amazing phone
super mobile 6 gb ram 64 gb storage + dedicated slot + dual volte
awesome phone at this price .
some bugs are there but what the phone offers is more than you can can ask at this price .
the device is defective that send to me
do not buy this mobile .
i am just using this mobile for one week , but facing lot of problems .
do become a victim for this mobile .
no replacement from flipkart for software related issues .
the basic requirement of any mobile is communication .
this mobile has the problem even in that .
let me list the issues i see
1 ) my family members at times could not reach my mobile number , even though they try multiple time .
experiencing this issue after using this mobile .
display is very bad it &apos;s naturally damaged
many isaues such as flickering , multi touch issues .
camera is pathetic. they did great marketing by youtube videos but believe me it is worst camera .
screen quality is pathetic .
i purchased it after watching youtube tutorial about it &apos;s glass but it just breaks .
in 4 month of use my phone falls twice from 2 feet height and both time display broken .
i am fed up with this quality .
first of all let me talk about its design
metal body with rounded corners look is very good
durable also and a b + design
both cpu and gpu serves well with hd graphics for pubg
battery : - 5000 mah with 10hours plus sot with moderate usage and mild gaming
cameras : - worst 16 + 5 mp cameras but very worst in terms of performance portrait mode is also not automatic we need to adjust it manually that &apos;s a con
front camera is also not upto the mark
fantastic product from asus at competitive price in the market .
not show up net speed
not a smart key like screen shot and more
best buy till now .
performance is awesome. pricing is very much accessible .
most idiotic phone ever. absolute rubbish. hangs every time .
recently problem with screen it freezes and to open i have to restart the phone .
all my data contacts gone. cause hanging issue was so much that i had to factory reset the phone the problem still persists .
i am not a heavy gamer. hardly installed a few useful apps like flipkart. paytm uber. user interface and screen touch is very poor .
i want my money back from asus company .
finger print scanner is very bad .
display brokened in simple fall
extremely high end phone for professional .
bought three months ago , no hanging , not at all slow , camera one of the best rocking camera , no one can bet this phone ever in this price range .
it &apos;s a mother of all phones .
best ever 6gb phone phone , smooth performance , excellent performance , it &apos;s amazing .
go for this phone .
lot of bugs and software issues .
camera performance poor , no galley , no scanner , no call recording , no return and refund , battery performance much better , when we are using redmi phone we can &apos;t accept this one , sound problems also , some time no ring
mobile is nice , camera quality is average , battery is awesome , screen quality is good , but some times finger print is not working { lagaging } , giving review after 5 months. hope this review useful to all
i am very happy with it &apos;s very nice allrounder performance
at the time of writing , all is good .
is not good battery backup is nice but overall performance is very bad. dont buy it in this price
good for gaming and many purposes
they gave me trashy phone and didn &apos;t change my piece tell me to go to service centre .
why should i go to service center and why can &apos;t you give me a good piece ?
worst service ever total fraud .
it &apos;s hang many time even it has 6 gb ram .
this is my 2nd asus smartphone within 3 years .
prior to this , i have used asus zenfone 2 laser which is also functional presently .
gone are the days of that smartphone maker which says &quot; india ka smartphone &quot; .
now asus is the leader in this segment and above on the basis of my experience .
the phone is sturdy , macho and robust .
battery back-up is excellent .
the phone is packed with 5000mah battery which proves its prowess .
it has dual volte by which one can use two jio sims &apos; .
first of all thank you flipkart for fast delivery service .
camera is awsome specially in low light , sun light .
although auto focus is overall good too .
battery management could be better doesn &apos;t affect in normal use but drains a bit faster while playing heavy games like pubg .
processor sd636 works good , no heating issues found till now even pubg runs smoothly .
review after using 12 days .
not full size display in youtube .
but it is awesome
value for money 5
i love this mobile .
best gaming phone under 15k
waste product no one purchase that kind of mobiles in any asus product
best mobiles in rs 12999
when calling often hang .
some time hang some function .
all things are excellent except camera .
long battery life and 6gb ram is best pro for it .
only thing that i am not able to cast my phone .
there is some issue with screen mirroring .
please fix this issue to get more rating for the phone .
overall phone is working fine till now .
nice product thank you asus and nice delivery time to time
after using this product , i become die-hard fan of asus .
it &apos;s so amazing smartphone at so reasonable price .
loved everything of it .
actually , in fact , after buying it i become so addictive to it , spent hours .
ya , i know never to get addict to something but this is so marvelous .
keep it up asus !
thanks for coming in my life .
for this price its performance really awesome this is my first time comment after purchasing of several mobiles
best mobile it &apos;s really good
best and good performance and compare to all prices mobiles this is the best .
it mainly good on speed , gaming , accessibility , easy to access , better battery , good processor , . etc are best in this mobile so make chance to buy this one
best smartphone in the 15k segment .
# error !
# error !
# error !
# error !
# error !
for a smartphone in 15k range it stands quite good with other competitors .
i personally liked the smartphone very much .
nice ram management , i bought this product 12k , valu for mony
very bad camera clarity .
valuable product below 15000
surprisingly amazed by the quality and first class performance .
thanks to flipkart and asus for making such a good gadget affordable .
no complaints till date , i am a happy customer .
awesome mobile at this price .
one of its amazing feature which is not present in any mobile is it &apos;s connectivity with external hard disk .
it supports 1 tb hard disk just like laptop .
mobile is unable to connect to the wifi .
looks like its an defect piece .
best battery in this budget lasts almost two days
awesome camera both rear and selfie
camera app not much user friendly
best buy in this price range .
okayish camera quality , memory expandability and battery life !
i am using the phone since november .
its an excellent phone and suits all my requirements .
after using for 3 months
pros : the camera biggest plus is its battery .
way better than xiomi .
screen display and touch are good .
sound quality and build is good .
fits well in hand
cons : selfie camera is not that great .
camera app like b12 can be downloaded to take good custom selife .
gallery : no pre installed gallery .
no text editing options in pics .
again download any gallery app of your preference
call record and conference : call recording option not there .
after using of 6 month this mobile getting hanged and lots of application not working properly
not good as expected
best product in the budget smartphone segment .
camera with google camera it phenomenal
this phone is an all rounder from every aspect .
the 6gb variant blazes through every task throw at it .
the screen is decent and the viewing angles are good .
the only problems are ( i ) no screen protection ( ii ) the battery drain issue .
good phone in the range and awesome experience using it
good camera back and front .
con : 1.looks , 2.bettery performance 3 weight and old model 4.screen not gorilla glass 3
very happy with the performance of asus zenfone max pro m1 .
the battery performance , display quality , camera quality is amazing .
poor camera , decent ui .
good at the range .
with 6 gb ram
don &apos;t buy this mobile with complete mobile protection 1 year plan , jeeves and flipkart cheating the people .
i buy my mobile with complete mobile protection plan dated on 05-oct-18 rs.499 / - .
i lost my mobile dated on 10-dec-18 then i informed to jeeves now they are saying your mobile protection plan is only for damage protection not covered for theft .
when i buy my mobile they clearly mentioned complete mobile protection plan including theft .
while charging mobile and charger become heat .
no proper support with flipkart service
perfect phone for everyone those who want gaming and long battery backup
asus zenfone max pro m1 is one of the good budgeted phone for battery and performance .
i bought for my friend and he seems to be enjoying it .
i , would recommend to go ahead for 4-6 gb ram .
battery with 5000mah , will give you 2 days standby .
it &apos;s ultimately the buyers choice .
nice product no issue after usage of 1 month fully satisfied
i am editing the review because after receiving pie update from asus i feel like i have wasted money on this phone .
android pie provided by the asus is full of bugs and even there are features like digital wellbeing and the night light is missing .
system ui is very poor they have not worked on it even a bit .
now we can &apos;t play pubg in hd graphics after pie update .
go for other brands .
camera is not good
beware of network connectivity issues in this phone .
bettery is advantage of this mobile , no natch display in this asus zenfone max pro m1 and no gorrella glass protection in this mobile and eis ( electronic image stabilization ) is not there
battery is not good it is normal any take time like redmi phone which have only 4000 mah battery capacity
best mobile in this segment every thing is best off best
i faced it twice in just 1 month .
however , overall phone is good in this price .
the battery is a monster
display is very good
performance is also good
but the front camera need some improvement
the best in this price range .
my suggestion is no one can buy this asus zenfone max pro m1 because in exchange it only prices for around 3600 inr , very very bad exchange price , another cheating from asus is asus zenfone max pro m2
bad at network and updates
after 1 year of usage battery drain problem. charging port problem. volume buttons problem. don &apos;t go for it. horrible
not match with expectations. display quality not good. auto brightness function not proper
it &apos;s simply a beast
this is the best cellphone under 15000 in india .
very satisfied with performance .
camera is also fantastic .
asus - keep it up .
excellent phone with fully loaded features .
it &apos;s been a week now with asus zenfone max pro m1 .
superb battery life works entire day with continue watching whatsapp , calls and videos still more than 30 % remains at night .
processor is fast and nice 6gb and 64gb .
full marks should definitely go for it .
flipkart delivery is quick got faster then expected .
the phone is perfect one
asus best ever product
i ought it only for 11700
superb phone under 13999
best mid range fone .
really the best phone in this price range .
the stock android is very optimised and balanced .
the battery is the best of its kind and software-hardware integration is very fluent .
bhailog , i got 6gb version for 15 k three months back .
and no other phone comes in par with this one .
initially i hated this coz of the bugs .
later asus fixed almost all the bugs .
cannot recommend this to you now as by this time new phones must have arrived .
but i m loving this now .
only drawback was camera but trust me , u need to get used to the camera app .
learn how it performs and then when u know how to click it easily defeats redmi note 5 pro even in camera section .
flipkart delivery was fast .
ordered it for wife ’ s birthday .
she is just loving it .
although a bit heavier than her previous phone , this phone ’ s performance is amazing .
camera is way better than redmi note 5 pro .
i took similar pictures in rn5 pro and the picture looks quite fake in it .
battery is really great .
lasts for almost 2 days .
sound quality is superb .
speakers are too loud and good for playing music aloud .
front cam can be much better
camera need to be improve , battery backup is very good , ram management is very good .
battery backup is very good .
both cameras are good .
ram management also good .
asus should have to give inbuilt , gallery , network speed meter , ir blaster , auto call pickup , rocket cleaner .
it &apos;s a gem kind of phone at this price . no lag no heat . decent camera .
and battery is just love
phone is just ossam looks , feature &apos;s , resolution , size , camera , finger print scanner every thing works like charm .
in 15 k u don &apos;t even think twice just go for it and i bet u won &apos;t regret.i told every one that this is for 22 k and they actually believe
without a single ?
touch is not good .
touch does not work many times .
best phone. this is the value for money
simply the best phone you could buy below 15k budget .
and the good news is that , now the price has dropped even more .
i have downloaded google camera what a pic i love asus i m waiting asus rog
camera is too low
it &apos;s a very nice phone .
i love this phone very much .
a bit more optimistic , but this phone has the potentials of having good fight with xiaomi products for the market share in terms of their sales volume
good phone @ less price
front camera not that good , camera flash on / off botton so annoying .
but battery , phone speaker and processing are awesome .
if you are looking for a camera phone , i suggest you go for other .
but if you are a game lover , this phone is the best .
who is the best device i have witnessed in my whole life .
anyone can use it and it is the best device under 15000 rupees
phone performance is good but not getting any update of android pie .
there 2 big issue with phone
1 ) display show &apos;s yellow tint basically it can &apos;t produce exact white color .
2 ) auto brightness sensor doesn &apos;t work .
best feature of phone are
1 ) huge battery life
2 ) fantastic face unlock
good phone but need to update .
after replacement camera work very well .
the camera user interface is very bad .
performance as well as battery is the best in this price range .
no manual mode and panorama in camera .
the camera hardware is good , the software has to be updated very much , default snapdragon camera app does not do justice .
great value for money .
didn &apos;t face any issues.we get a clear case in the box , recommended to get a tempered glass since it doesn &apos;t have a gorilla glass .
after software update in november 2018 , the touch is not working .
not able to use the phone , looking for the solution
altogether a great phone , but the camera sometimes struggles with focusing .
gallery option is not available as like other there only file manager .
songs player is not available goole play music only .
don &apos;t think twice. just take it. only the notch is missing. otherwise the best mobile for the price. mind boggling battery life. spectacular display. nd amazing camera .
got it for a net price of 11700 .
i m writing this review after 15 days of purchasing , the phone is good till now .
camera is awesome , both front and back .
the sensitivity of the touch screen is not that good , sometimes u hv to tap or press on the screen vry hard .
other than this the phone is very good , i liked it .
i got it for 11,689. it &apos;s good price for 6gb ram .
screen touch very low quality
if you want to play pubg in hd graphics with low prize. this asus zenfone max pro m1 6gb ram is best option. it &apos;s my opinion .
i &apos;ve been using it for one week .
. i am giving 5 star to everything because it is my first android phone . , .and i haven &apos;t seen this type of performance .
the package was delivered one day early !
with 6gb your phone runs smoothly !
the touch screen is nice .
the fingerprint works great !
latest update gives 4k video recording .
i am happy with asus .
purchased in big billion days for 11700 / - .
great value for money product
1. near stock android with super smooth ui and shine added features like gesture controls
2. battery backup , best in class approx 9 to 10 hrs screen on time plus 1 day standby with single sim 4g , and data always on .
that means if you use your phone for about 4 to 4.5 hrs a day you can expect it to last 2 days .
3. decent cameras , xiami and realme have better cameras for sure but this one also has good cameras
other than camera and display everything is good .
i played pubg continuesly for 6hrs from 100 to 10 %
very good phone , value for money , my brother have redmi note 5 pro , in most aspects it &apos;s better than note 5 pro even pubg runs buttery smooth and better on this phone than redmi note 5 pro. highly recommend
it is one of best smartphones under 15k .
battery life is so good and body designs are very beautiful
one thing that lack is theme option is not there you need other software for theme .
overall it is really king budget phone
awesome phone just loved it
excellent phone at such a price .
excellent display best for videos watching .
excellent for gaming and social networking app .
only thing is no manual mode in camera .
excellent phone in this price segment .
only two problem with this phone no inbuilt call regarding and screenshot .
the camera performance at low light / night is poor. the rest all things in the phone are the best in class .
touch response. can &apos;t detect fast light touches , my zenfone 3 is more responsive .
zen ui is better with pixelmaster .
previous pics not optimized for wallpaper , getting stretched .
cameras could have had sony imx sensors like redmi note 5 pro
speaker problem . cant enable lte. battery drain 4 hours scren on time
everything is ok , display required full screen
after lot of research i find this was the best mobile among all low budget smartphones with 6gb of ram and 64 gb of internal memory with 5000 mh battery with fast charge 10 w .
which can screencast also with smart tv .
and it have 16 + 5 and 16 mp selfie camera with led flash .
camera is not that clean i don &apos;t know what is the real megapixels of these cameras but i am big gamer and i need good processor with good battery and big ram with 6gb .
camera quality not so good but over all in it price i had brought 11,700 is quit good .
mobile phone is very nice but charger poor quality
they can improve fingerprint and face unlock .
apart from that , phone is grate
camera quality is too good better than 3 / 4 gb varrient .
battery back awesome and too fast finger print .
but face unlock is slow .
after all good product .
i &apos;m very happy with this product .
mostly features are missing
1. install google cam app and this phone will rock .
this phone produces best and actual natural colors in pic .
no beautification without asking .
do not update this phone to android pie ( system updates ) .
ur phone will rock on oreo only .
3.i tried low , average and heavy use : in all condition battery crossed 36 hrs benchmark ( all time 4 g on )
4. no screen protector : (
5. phone is much sleeker than other 5000 mah battery competition
excellent phone . battery , camera , perfomance , display etc .
the best , just go for it
review in short words .
product is awesom , superb , best in class , worth it .
flipkart is highly recommended , must buy only from flipkart .
good camera , gaming speed is fabulous , battery performence is superb over all the best mobile in this price list
product is too good , awesome. i dont have word to explain .
and performance is amazing , the 6 gb ram will flaw like a water , no lag at all , battery is awesome iam an hardcore gamer usually spent time on pubg , and batteryback up i got was outstanding , and u can play pubg in hd , and high
good phone at this price or speed was soo good
earlier i had given it 5 star rating but now after new update , the experience is very horrible .
1 ) 5000 mah battery is reducing like 2500 mah
2 ) bass is completely distorted , horrible sound experience
3 ) night light feature is missing
best phone at the best price
- 16 mp front cam and 16 + 5 mp dual rear cam is more than awesome
- 6 gb ram with snapdragon 636 processor is working very smoothly
nice phone with normal price good screen resolution
kudos. most valuable for money .
i bought it in big billion day after a long research for good all-round performing mobile .
guys this is the one which ticks all the boxes .
wat else u want .
can play pubg with high graphics in he and pubg promises updates for her graphics .
better than redmi note 5 pro which runs medium graphics .
grey variant is very classy and it &apos;s a battery beast
worst performance software problem device hangs
5000mah battery but no use .in idle condition also battery dry please asus solve this issue
asus zenfone max pro m1 is an outstanding next gen premium handset with excellent features. fast for it &apos;s 6gb ram .
5k + battery weighs a bit but it has a sturdy nice balanced grip. grey is somewhat goldish-grey and does stand out .
made by and for quality demanding perfectionists . ( need no stars for this honest review .
asus maxpro m1 good battery back up , stock android experince , smooth performance but camera was not good in low light condition .
biggest problem is that it has no native vedio calling option for jio users .
will have to use other apps for vedio calling .
and earphone is not provided with the phone .
rest all is a good phone .
it is an awesome product of asus .
from my opinion , most of the middle class customers are looking for a phone like this .
better performance with zero hanging , long time battery life , best image quality , value for money etc .
the processor is also quite good .
again and again i am expecting the products like this .
best at this price .
good product value for money
finger and face unlock work well 6gb ram give great experience
great image quality , lovely looking , awesome feature , value for money
power performance when you playing high level game like pubg awesome
very very nice this product please all the time buying .
nice phone with amazing price
it &apos;s a very facinating device for me , overall satisfied performance .
bed mobile don &apos;t waste money
best product in this price segment
using this product without any lag. trusted brand asus . just go for it without any hesitation. thanx flipkart
my experience good product
battery awesome camera in low light is very bad must be improve
on time delivery nice mobile value for money
must buy product at all .
if you wanna best phone under 15k , then you are highly recommended to buy this phone .
this phone compete with major product of range up to 25k .
some are asking about the durability .
don &apos;t worry about this aspects because i &apos;m using this phone since 3 month but it never got under any type of repairs .
battery backup is awesome and it gives me two days of reliablity .
display and sound quality are also good .
1.superb for pubg asphalt etc no lag excellent performance .
2.very little heating even after playing pubg for more than 1hr .
3.camera at its best with google camera hdr + support .
4.value for money with these amazing specifications
6gb 64gb variant 636 sd etc face lock fingerprint lock etc
5.face unlock works even at 10 to 20degree was surprised to see this and both face fingerprint sensors work fastly. satisfied with this .
best phone but camera litil down
very nice and very very very good i like it this mobile
nice battery backup , superb performance .
network connectivity problem because of that can &apos;t even play pubg .
camera is still need to be improved .
every device has its own pros and cons .
however this device is awsome and has plenty of positive aspects .
but again it also has few but very important drawbacks .
amongst which i would like to mention , no vibrate or silent mode shortcut key , which is a very important feature missing .
no proper profile management options / shortcuts .
pathetic and very very pathetic battery performance .
needs 2-3times of full charge if i put 2 number of 4g sim cards .
and run continuous wi-fi .
i bought it at rs11700 so no complaint as it no other brand provide with similar configuration .
don &apos;t bought 3or 4 gb ram version only go for 6gb ram version as i already used 4gb version too
camera is improved no doubt about it .
no heat while charging or while playing games like pubg for continuously about 45 min .
no fast charging or any screen protection but you will get the whole protection damage from flipkart at rs99 .
under rs15000 best mob. nd best battery power backup . camera is not good
first of all i hate to hear that there is no return policy only we can exchange .
and camera is very very bad .
touch is not working something times .
and some times call options like speaker , dial pad , ect not showing immediately when we place call .
a very decent , underrated phone in the sub-15k price segment .
i decided to buy this over the likes of xiaomi , moto and samsungs of the world and i am truly fond of this phone .
the performance is great , the camera is good if not great and the battery performance is also encouraging .
camera can be underperforming sometimes .
not really a drawback .
wow excellent product and work very well in any condition very nice product by asus and timely delivery by flipkart thanks .
go for it if you have in two minds it is low rate , high performance , and quality assurance , after sales service.only few mean 2 bugs is there 1st - battery draining issue , 2- camera quality .
worst camera performance please don &apos;t buy it
product is good for this price range .
camera - not excellent but good for 16mp , camera gets hanged every now and then .
processing speed - good .
none of other brands are giving 6gb variant for 12999 .
battery : excellent gets complete charged in around 1 : 30 hours .
looks : superb. blue one is awesome !
some of the reviews have given correct detailed description .
finger print and face unlock are slow .
display and touch is not good. touch respond very slow and even some time no response as well
right now as a smartphone it &apos;s my one of good choice of my life and sound quality really awesome .
it &apos;s a nice phone .
but where is gallery
some important features left behind asus company ; example applock is not here and automatic hotspot not shutdown when nobody in use , call recording function also miss in new phone .
no dual app , now a days it &apos;s very important .
no screenshot option in menu .
ringtone not able to set for a long time .
battery drain little fast .
it &apos;s like normal mobile .
the things which are not present in this phone
1- data transfer speed option not present
2- fingerprint pic click not present
3- double tap to on the screen is not working properly sometimes it works and sometimes it doesn &apos;t work .
5-live wallpaper not supported by this phone
good about this phone
2- battery jabardast long lasting 1 day if u play whole day pubg
bad about this phone
1.i bought asus zenfone max pro m1 black color . but flipkart send blue color .
2.battery automatically drain without any heavy use and some time is heat .
other thinks okay .
all the best of model in asaus perfetly nice mobile in under 15 k
overall performance of phone is quite impressive .
i &apos;m not sure why this mobile was delivered on 9th day : ( i was eagerly waiting for the delivery but flipkart made me to wait for 9 days .
i &apos;m yet check the mobile condition .
i &apos;m giving 4 stars though considering the great discount ️
good mobile for fastest users people .
battery needs to be monitored .
phone is excellent in all other aspects from an ex mi owner .
mi beware of a zen attack .
its profesor is good speed works on internet but main problum is ntwork like during the call internet leave network connection and call network also have not support properly , speaker calling not support etc .
i got my phone today. still now its performance and its battery backup is awesome. but with camera im not satisfied ( it may be improved by several software update )
thanks flipkart for the fastest delivery
and the product is awesome value for money if your budget is under 15k go for it
mobile phone is sleeky , light weight performance is really gr8 but not fully satisfied with front camera .
at the time of clicking pix with front camera resolution will be gr8 but once you opened the taken pix quality will not upto the mark .
speaker is fantastic , speed and look is gr8 overall value for money fone
l like this mobile .
just now i bought it.later l will tell you
but the camera is not soo good as expected
and slow fingerprint and face id
otherwise everything is good
bought 6gb model during bb sale .
i was specific about few specs like performance , pure android , decent display and battery .
as for electronics , there is no resale value so did not want to spend more money .
performance - stock android is seamless and no unwanted apps to clog memory and drain battery .
sd 636 works beautifully .
no heating issue while playing videos and calling .
haven &apos;t played any games yet .
fast delivery so thanks to flipkart .
i purchased this mobile 11700 / - in flipkart offer time .
6gb ram so fast application open .
good phone but battery life is not good accepted 5000mh battery
secondary camera rating 10 / 10
overall mobile rating 10 / 10
it &apos;s very good under the budget , nice camera and battery back up
asus should provide a better camera app than existing , snapdragon 636 supports far better image quality to be captured by camera , so asus should provide better software support for camera in coming updates , all in all a very good phone in 11k price range .
1. no issue in finger print sensor .
its lightning fast after september update .
2. average camera , hd video recording without image stabilization , but thanks to september updates .
a secret method to unlock advance camera feature. just open setting s and tap 6 / 7 times in red-eye reduction option .
3. ultra super battery. playing pubg 6hr .
and battery still 40 %
5. sound is louder than regular , but not 3d type .
good but there is no gorilla glass available with the phone
all good but in camera when we use flash n take close pics it becomes completely bright n pictures are lost .
asus plz work on this and fix it in the next update
one of the cheapest available smartphone with 6gb ram and 5000 mah battery .
it comes with sd 636 and its performance is really good .
its camera is quite improved .
performance of the phone is excellent in this budget range .
i have played pubg and other games with high graphics without any lagging issue .
camera is good not excellent but satisfying .
battery backup is mind blowing ( reason to buy this phone ) .
overall still best phone in this range
nice mobile this mobile is very nice
awesome product nice image quality , sound quality
good with performance , but very poor camera compared with competitors
only day camera is good. but in night selfie camera is good in 6 gb ram varient .
best battery , best display , best specifications and quality .
mobile was but little bit problem with the screen and faceunlock was not working properly .
features in had must have to be improve more .
best product with valued money .
i have been using the phone for about one month and counting , so lets be honest here
battery- best in class .
easily 9 hours screen on time with heaving games like pubg .
performance-636 does the job .
memory and dedicated slot-64 gb + 6 gb ram + a slot is all you need for a 15k mobile ( price may have changed ) .
display- not the best , but best in the segment .
os : not pure android one .
but still good experience .
asus support- yeah , they have a good online forum and tech support .
awesome product at this budget price wid great quality .
first of all thanks to flipcart , delivery in 24 hr . . and so amazing phone , rear camera so nice but front camera i don.tike , otherwise all things are good
battery performance is down after 630mb software update
this phone is the best in it &apos;s price range .
but asus needs to fix the battery drainage problem .
asus is just awesome. mobile is beast unbeatable performance. camera is superb but camera app is old. if asus would give gcam it will be perfect and competite with flagship
best phone in this price
everything is perfect , only miss the trendy notch also the shutter speed is low
very new asus zenfone max m1 pro is better than other phones and performance is very fast and quickly
pros and cons after 1 month usage . ( 6gb variant ) no obvious remarks .
1 ) no heating issues while charging or heavy usage .
2 ) b + main camera quality .
4 ) good ram optimisation , thanks to android 8.1 .
1 ) inspite of massive 5000 mah battery , the usage is poorly optimised .
phones with 4k mah battery compete closely in a battery drain test .
2 ) no gestures , need to use standard android buttons .
3 ) no quick charging .
face and finger lock for this budget range
i had bought this products one month before its amazing .
this type of specificates at this price range is unbelivable
seriously it &apos;s value for money phone
i m using asus phone from 3 years and jo purchased this phone i m am very very satisfied its a great phone in this price memory processor ram all r great
many time some application not responsible and automatically close app .
i think it &apos;s h not good performance
little bit problem in camara need a update for camara
and problem in connecting wifi .
it will disconnected sevral times and take long time to sreach wifi network
asus 6gb variant is mi killer .
just buy it. best phone within 15k .
great phone , great battery life ( 4.5 / 5 ) even after playing pubg i get 1day of battery , decent camera ( 4 / 5 ) superb ram management , just value for money budget killer .
asus done a good job .
camera needs to be improved dramatically .
i have been using the phone for almost a week and completely satisfied with the performance except for the 4g speed .
i was using the same sim card in a different phone untill i purchased asus zenfone max pro m1 and the 4g download speed was satisfactory .
asus either need to check the hardware or firm ware and fix the issue .
if the issue is fixed it &apos;s the best value for money smart phone considering the price and the specs under the hood .
nice one but nokia is best option than this
one of the best phone in 15k range , camera is not good as redmi note 5 pro but overall asus zenfone beats redmi note 5 pro or any other phone in 15k range .
good product but internet speed possaser is slow due to which data signal flactute
its a very good phone .
clean android and jawdroping battery life ( at the end of the day after heavy usage battery is 50 % ) are the selling points .
it is totally worth it .
camera is not actually bad the interface is the problem .
if you leave it on auto then there is a chance that it might not get good shot but if you choose proper mode according to lighting conditions it gives amazing results .
overall everything is good .
performance wise beast but little bit disappointed expected more from battery .
battery should give more backup
display 3 / 5 because the brightnes varies unexpected , even the phone stays in a constant light area .
i have bought this phone a 2 months back .
it is a true value for money .
performance of asus zenfone max pro 1 is good and value for money to buy
touch sensor of screen dose not work properly
i had used this in 7 days only .
7th day from purchased , mobile display totally not working .
i had complaint to replacing in flipkart .
but still they didn &apos;t replacing .
iam disappointed to purchased this phone .
and i never to purchase again in flipkart .
this is by far the best phone phone priced in mid-range segment .
performance is great with the snapdragon 636 octa core aided by 6 gb ram .
i did not find any glitch while playing heavy games like asphalt9 and pubg .
the best part iis the massive 5000 mah battery which juices the phone as expected .
dual camera is also good but not great .
edge detection of portrait is good .
ph was awesome camera is good but battery is the best sound also nice over all is the best phone under 15000
if asus give more software update to it
then it will be mid range smartphone king .
very nice product and flipkart service is very good andfast
the only mobile which offers full hd + display , 6gb of ram , snapdragon octa core processor , triple slot , dual 4g volte , finger print , face unlock and cast screen under 15,000 / -
the best thing is it offers 5000 mah battery and thanks to asus for its best price .
camera quality is just above average .
face recognition is very poor .
camera performance is just ok as edge detection in portrait mode is not good. display and battery are up to the mark .
i just hope that asus will upgrade quality of face recognition by some update .
i booked a black colour phone .
but i get blue .
item have battery draining problem and also we can &apos;t get camara everytime sometimes will get camara . and the important thing is filpcart doesn &apos;t replace this product .
after 2 weeks i found only once the phone hanged just for few seconds .
6 gb ram is awesome .
gaming is flawless .
believe me , if you use asus charger , it charges very fast and also on the lock screen your can see &quot; charging rapidly &quot; .
awesome display quality .
and this phone has the best speaker compared to any phone if any price in the market .
camera could be slightly better , but it &apos;s fine .
this phone is just awesome
awesome phone in this budget. delivery was fast flipcart does a great job in delivery
product is very good in this price range thanks
perfect phone in budget .
most worth phone in this range
one of the best budget phones under 15k , if we compare any other flagships devices .
ram and storage is great.well built screen and vivid colors .
one of the cons are doesn &apos;t support 5ghz of wifi network .
as it old predecessor zenfone 2 was supporting .
rest all better and worth for its price
this mobile is just awesome .
blindly go for this , super performance .
in every aspect it is better than redmi phone inthis price range except camera images .
very good ram management
hello , this is uttam singh and i &apos;m writing the review of this phone after using it a week .
i switched to this phone after one and half yr using mi redmi note 4 .
so i give u guys some unbaised point of views--- &amp; gt ;
1.good battery : asus claims the battery to be a 5000mah and it is good infact but as far as compared with mi redmi note 4 &apos;s 4100mah both have same backup and you even wouldn &apos;t notice it .
so you can &apos;t say its far beyond the mi redmi note 4 .
superb smartphone under budget 15000 .
- &amp; gt ; camera omg what a camera u can &apos;t believe is it really 15000 phone , both camera front and rear superb
- &amp; gt ; audio output is great , it &apos;s clear sound and louder then other smartphones .
- &amp; gt ; support dual 4g volte ( u can access 2 jio sim on this phone or u can access one airtel 4g volte and one jio 4g volte )
i got this phone on august 2nd , was waiting for the perfect update for to review this phone , review after using the phone about 2 months
1 screen was misbehaving
2 camera app slow and not working properly sometimes
3 sometimes battery drains quickly ( around a day )
4 fingerprint scanner not working properly or slow
5 face unlock not working every time
1 not much heating
4 display very good for watching movies and playing games
after using the 6gb variant for exactly one month , here &apos;s some of my thoughts :
it &apos;s amazing how good this phone performs even with heavy games .
no lag or heating issue while playing games like pubg .
while the selfie camera can definitely get better , the rear cameras are quite good at this price .
unlike redmi note 5 pro and other mi phones , the pics look more natural .
i love this as it gives you more options to edit pics yourself , rather than the cameras doing it for you .
far better than xiaomi products .
it &apos;s best in this price in terms of battery and performance .
as well as camera , display also could &apos;ve been better if they provided gorrilla glass .
after using about a month , i can &apos;t really complaint about anything in this price range .
i just want asus to provide software update for optimizing battery life to avoid fast draining and regular system updates for overall system thereby overcoming the bad reviews .
rest all is good about the product
after one month use .
now the most important. camera
if u like a real colour image with great quality then go for it without any doubt but if u like edited unnatural over saturated pics then guys this is not for u .
battery is not working as 5000 mah , it &apos;s likely 4200 mah .
that &apos;s why the phone should get 4 stars in my experience .
about service from the centers in west bengal i have still no idea bcoz it &apos;s new phone
it &apos;s only useful for gamers nothing more than a gaming device .
far better then mi note pro 5 under 15 k .
best app and top quality of products must use once
best mobile at this price
and better than redmi note 5 pro
very nice phone under rs.15000 with 6gb ram
this phone is awesome. may improve a bit via updates tho .
the camera isn &apos;t the best but it does the job .
performance is awesome tho i saw few frame drops after gaming for long sessions. little heating too.but the phone is good
just go for it guys
awesome killer at this sagment !
good and battery is very very supper
not good this phone. not better this phone. camera quality is very poor. bettery is very week !
mashallah phone performance best
nice phone.nice build quality.good battery backup.no heating and no lagging problem.rear camera is good .
waiting for android 9.0 update release .
used for one month -- &amp; gt ; processing very fast , battery superb , played games like pubg , modern combat 5 no issues at all , using two sim card with one memory card working fine no heating issue .
honest review of the mobile after nearly 2 months of use :
1 ) mobile glass : 4.5 / 5 : it is dinorex t2x-1 glass manufactured by nippon electric glass ( japanese company ) at par with gorilla glass or even better .
so , don &apos;t worry about your mobile glass getting scratches or fracturing , but if you want to go ahead with a tempered glass then go for it .
2 ) battery : 5 / 5 : it easily last 2 days on average and sometimes even 3 days ( if you are an average user ) .
3 ) camera : 4.5 / 5 : camera is great .
it has poor call speaker . n call voice quality is also bad
battery performance is out of this world .
i was amazed by it and rapid charging is also good , can charge it from 0-90 % in almost 120 min.appx.
bought the phone on 8th september .
lightweight 0hone with exceptional battery life .
but after15 days the fingerprint sensor has stopped working .
great phone. but camera fps could have been higher. but who else is giving these features below 15k ? ?
no any good company except asus. so i m loving this phone. performance is great. loudspeaker tends to have unclear sound at very high volumes. over all great value for money
overall performance is good but camera is not satisfied
the only problem i face is network .
it is so bad that i want to smash the phone. the network keeps disconnecting evry 5 seconds and the speed is abysmal .
excellent photography , it &apos;s like a photo taken with a dslr camera
over all performance 3.5 just ok not good
simply superb , firstly thanks to flipkart for record breaking delivery within 11 hrs .
when comes to the mobile , it &apos;s awesome with tremendous performance in terms of battery and speed of processor .
stock feel of android is excellent .
camera can be improved .
people who are complaining of small things , should know that it is a stock android .
i liked zenfone gestures .
excellent phone in this range .
only compromising thing is camera in low light and indoor conditions .
otherwise in outdoor conditions camera performance is decent .
powerful processer , very good display , also i have seen in one of the youtube drop test video , it is survived two death drop test. amazing .
camera very wrost pls otherwise all performance ok
i buy 2 asus zenfone max pro m1 phones .
i love the service of flipkart its very fast .
i love config of this phone.im using it and its run os very smoothly .
i got 2 updates from asus after i buy this phone .
awesome machine at budget price !
performance like a beast .
camera is good , capture actual image not beautified which is great .
speaker is loud .
6gb ram too awesome
everything is awesome about it
don &apos;t just think . buy it
it will be good decision to buy this one .
no bugs yet in my device .
i am giving five star because 5 star review display first .
following issue are there in asus max pro m1 since inception of this device but there is no update by asus team and asus replying like anything :
gives you the best of the smartphone keeping you pocket friendly as well .
and overall a good design and performance device .
thanks to filpkart for fast delivery in 2 days .
wow great work by asus.nice performance
best phone under 20k and get more specs than redmi note 5 pro at same price
this product is best for the value .
flipkart delivered it in 2 days .
asus could have bundled earphones with it to make the deal sweeter .
nice fone with good speed love it
screen os also good .
both camera is okay .
unlock with face in low light also .
good product for heavy users .
playing pubg for 1 hour battery drop 14 % no heating at all
asus is constantly providing updates .
so don &apos;t worry about the bugs .
the best phone ever i used
beast , excellent performance , value for money.it is king in midrange .
just an awsum phone .
if you want a camera phone , don &apos;t go for it .
if you want everything else , then nothing is better than this .
few times other caller can &apos;t able to listen me there is some issue with my device i think i need replacement # flipkart
it &apos;s hang after 6 gb ram .
after updating , battery is draining too fast and now fast charging is also not supported .
it charged in expected 6 to 10 hours .
this phone is now become too heated while charging or without , and while internet accessing .
camera are average , not better then mi note 5 pro and more times it &apos;s shows camera error .
sometimes finger print lock is delay to unlock and not working .
i am feeling like cheated to buy this .
good mobile u must go for it asus zenfone max pro m1 6 gb ram overall i will rate 5 / 5 as it &apos;s good for all both camera , performance nd battery all is good under 15k .
really a great product from asus .
it &apos;s very fast , smooth and clean .
stock android feels amazing .
both cameras are also very good in this 6 gb variant .
gaming performance is excellent .
you can play games even at high graphics .
it may lag sometimes at high graphics but not always .
no problem with network connectivity .
must buy when you wish to buy a highly configuration phone is low budget .
it &apos;s good to see that asus providing good specifications at 15000 , overall mobile perform is phenomenal , but only thing i need to mention is i was ordered for black but recieved blue its really dissapointment .
only need improve camera quality .
overall phone is awesome .
excellent value for money product of aug2018 which came well packed ; and flawless delivery by flipkart .
the camera is bad , i have a redmi note 5 pro and oneplus 6 , this is more like a china phone camera .
battery life is awesome , this can handle pubg really well med settings at high framerates , lighter games run at max settings , the os is just barebones , not many settings or customisations , it is fluid no lag whatsover .
display looks better in manual brightness mode .
all over this is a best mobile under 20k
if you want best camera experience you have to install g-camera
super b mobile good product
awesome product , complete value for money mobile
the phone is good value for money , and specially the 5k mah battery is awsome .
the only week point of this phone is front camera , dont get me wrong it &apos;s not a deal breaker though .
awesome phone under 15000 .
i ordered this phone on 10 sept but after 2 days it got a discount of 500 rs .
so i cancelled and ordered another and received it on 14 sept. really awesome phone and the best part is 5000 mah battery .
i m a moderate user and you really have to charge every two days .
the only drawback about this phone is camera .
in dark the camera struggles a lot but its managable .
phone in day light are awesome .
go fot it guys you can &apos;t get a better deal than this .
now the time of direct video calling.but there is no direct video calling option in this phone.this is very bad .
the primary camera could have been slightly better than what it is .
and the default camera doesn &apos;t have manual mode .
while closing apps , it doesn &apos;t show the ram usage , although you can check it in the developer options .
the navigation bar will always show unless you &apos;re playing games or watching videos .
the battery is sick !
i get 10-15 hours of screen usage depending on what i do .
the phone is really nice but has only one disadvantage as it does not have a gorilla glass but is very good in all other aspects performance is awesome complete value for money good battery life and nice experience
it &apos;s a nice device nice display high performance battery good looking , camera is superb dual camera setup is ossam , i like it , just for 14499
5 star for battery .
i have shifted from expensive phones to this one only for battery and ram .
nothing to beat it. go for it if you are heavy user and i bet you don &apos;t need to carry power banks anymore
good phone but need to upgrade camera both
an excellent product and flipkart &apos;s awesome speedy delivery .
camera - really good in capturing static objects and in dim lightings , i could capture clouds in the evening clearly with this phone .
battery life - unbeatable .
no heating issue so far .
performance - smooth and more than enough
hardware - cool .
design - very cool .
i got blue one
stock android - cool cool .
must buy , with little compromise which you can expect in any budget phones below 25k
hat &apos;s off to asus , for this wonderful product
battery is not so much as we expected , i have replaced for three times , and camera portrait mode have some problem it takes time for processing , if these issues resolve , phone is awesome , best phone in this price range. only require reqular updates to improve performance. qr code scanning not working in current update also miss split screen option .
this mobile is amazing but it dosnt provided gorilla glass
touch is not up to the mark compared to it &apos;s peers .
cannot delete few pre-installed stock apps like facebook , messenger , instagram etc. rest of the things are good and provide better value for money .
most budget friendly device in 15000 segment
better than redmi note 5 pro great work asus
totally value for money .
nothing much to say about the 5000 mah battery .
the three slots in the time of hybrid slot is like a fresh air
thanks a lot flipkart .
fully satisfied with flipkart .
everything good so far.as expected.compact and smooth .
missed the old customisable zen ui though .
wish there are more camera features and a music player other than google play music .
1st i would like to say that this is an awesome device and it s not much stylish and updated in design .
new device update had made the device smooth and camera is super cool now , but still the camera app interface is too bad .
hatsoff to asus to provide a better pure android device in india .
iam waiting for the optimization and updates in future .
go for it , if yur budget is 15k .
pls opt for 6gb variant to get the 16mp frnt cam variant. wich is better than other variants .
excellent phone at a reasonable price .
performance is awesome , battery superb .
thanks to flipkart for quick delivery
very fast delivery with in 20 hours. thanks flipkart .
in one word great phone
excellent phone just go with it if u r confused with mi note 5 pro
best phone in this price range .
i would even say one of the best even if compared to higher price range phones that range around 20-25 .
gaming performance is optimum no doubt .
that 6gb ram combined with snapdragon 636 and a 5000 mah battery is just a match made in heaven .
played a performance hungry game like pubg for over 4 hours continuous after full charging and on max settings and there were no heating issues at all .
hell , the phone dint even get warm , heating is a longshot .
thanks flipkart for quick and in time delivery of my
asus znfone max pro m1 ( gray ) .i am writing my review after 13 days .amazing and mind blowing smart phone in it &apos;s range .
i am very happy with the performance of asus zen fone maxpro m1.all functions of asus is ok , the only lakuna is with camera.2nd lakuna is no provision of gorrila glass .
under 15k with all features best in market but after my purchase it &apos;s price reduced 500 so little bit disappointed
excellent mobile at this price range , frankly speaking better than redmi products , blindly go for it.i have purchased 6gb ramand64gb rom blue color variant.im just loving the blue color.in love with android one
one of the best phones in market in a budget of 15k .
it &apos;s performance is awesome .
battery life is amazing .
display is also good .
a phone recommended for users for whom camera is secondary and performance is priority .
amazing quality but after the use 6 months i face slight lag while playing pubg
excellent phone in 15k .
mind blowing performance with great features .
thank u so much flipkart for quick delivery and many many thanks to asus team for developing this awesome device in a budget with great features .
asus team please keep it up
i order black color but i received blue color
i thought a lot between note 5 pro and max pro m1 .
i regret my decision going with asus .
battery weakened in a month .
camera doesn &apos;t work many times .
it doesn &apos;t even feel like new phone for me .
seriously disappointed with camera though .
cell is pretty nice and all the fuss about camera is wrong.its camera is almost same as rn5pro only difference is of front camera only which differ by 16 and 20 .
only big con in this is battery drainage occurs fast after using 15 days and even 5000mah massive battery fails to manage that.overall its a must buy .go for it without thinking
even camera has got better after update .
excellent smartphone in this category .
just awesome. go for it
best in class ️
awesome phone in 15k range
all good i am using it for 13days and its too smooth and fast .
value for money under 15000
very nice but not clear picture in low light
great phone , all rounder , i like it .
fingerprint is not working properly
awesome mobile. awesome camera i like it. fantastic battery backup .
best phone under 15k go for it you wont regret
seriously just awesome mobile at this price it &apos;s best i &apos;m very satisfied .
at fast i &apos;m confuse which phone i buy then when i buy asus zenfone max pro m1 and use i said that it &apos;s better than &quot; mi note 5 pro &quot; just love it
amazing phone with monster of a battery .
doesn &apos;t heat at all .
true value for money in this range .
this is my first online mobile purchase.after searching alot i bought this mobile.now for rs.15000 / - you can get everything battery , performance , camera , sensors .
the body is too good.does not get overheating even playing high end games like pubg , asphalt 8. and easily a day &apos;s battery in 2 hours charge and about amazing 9 hours of screen on time. worth to buy ️
nice product but there are not earphones
best value for money .
believe me , it &apos;s the best in class. thanks asus thanks flipkart
all over good camera
i will write my honest opinions after 10 days of use .
pros : -1 ) quick delivery 2 ) classy touch 3 ) sd636 duel volte awesome 4 ) can switch sim during call 5 ) battery life is great lasts 3 days for nomral users 1.5 days for heavy 6 ) stock android better than any ui .
7 ) nice camera 8 ) value for money
cons : - no major cons
my always loving asus is gud some cam and speaker issues other wise too good performance
it &apos;s good phone for good rate
best phone for me .
battery back up is superb .
awsome display and also the sound quality .
no heating issue .
no gorilla glass tempered glass must .
i loved this phone
super performance , amazing battery , worth buying
best and perfect product under 15000 with 6gb ram
i loved it. just awesome phone .
black color of panel seems to be shining blue in sunlight .
it &apos;s worth the money but if they had made the camera app more efficient. i mean if they had installed the asus pixelmaster for dual camera then we can pull out the real power of the camera
for every hour battery percentage drops to 5 % on regular usage on heavy usage of gaming drops 10 % every hour
pics are not as good as note 5 pro no stability in capturing video
performance is best never slows down i installed 49 apps and still works like pro 20 high resolution games
tested with multi tasking and works perfectly
if you were looking for performance and battery
this is the perfect phone
most packed featured mobile under 15000
asus had done a great job
the one and the only disadvantage is it &apos;s network connection and mark my words network connection is too bad till now and there is no update .
and the gorilla glass but it can be replaced with a good temper .
plz help look after the network. cause itz not the best value for money phone until it &apos;s networking is fixed .
this phone is awesome except it &apos;s camera .
i am giving it &apos;s 2star because of the selling strategy of asus that they are giving 500 ₹ off after i buyed it .
again flipkart was best at his side deserve 10 / 10 .
battery backup 2 / 5 in comparison of mi phone 4000 mah battery , if you are buying it for 5000 mah battery like me then i will suggest you to go for mi6 or mi6 pro .
this is a must buy smartphone till writing of this review ( 10sep2018 ) in 15k .
this phone is a killer and capable of doing everything .
go for 6 + 64gb grey variant as it is more attractive than black variant .
it killed redmi note 5 pro in many aspects .
go for it if you have a budget of 15k .
i love it &apos;s performance .
this very beautiful looking.no problem found
can &apos;t say in words simply astonishing product from flipkart .
luckkly asus released 6gb variant which is one of the lasting performance as well as superior performance .
this mobile is so osom
amazing product , especially the blue color variant looks stunning .
thanks to flipkart also , got phone in 48 hours .
camera , fingerprint and face unlock needs to be improved .
i will rate phone 8.5 / 10 at now .
i am using that mobile from last 1 month .
and seriously the device is awesome .
it has many features
amazing phone for 15000 value for money .
perfect mobile. speed nd fast. battery life no words. just awsme . !
like the product but the touch sense need improvement and there is no ir port and the quality of the screen is not so good its only hd not fhd
battery is not two day long
i did &apos;t feel like using new phone because my old phone is also from asus .
this performance is better than that more over price is only 1000 ₹ higher than my old phone .
but asus has to improve in camera
awesome asus super fast performance and battery also good product super mobile
ignore haters just go for it. beats redmi note 5 pro
phone speed ok but camera quality average battery backup super
this phone is just superb in class .
it &apos;s a tuff competitor in the range .
awesome phone but i ordered for grey colour received rose gold
good one. grate speed
value for money , its a perfect alrounder , each update improves the performance of the phone , amazing display quality , battery performance is excellent .
low light camera performance is the only problem i noticed .
great phone , there were some problem with fingerprint scanner but after update it is working great got biometrics problems fixed .
equilizer was removed after update
battery capacity is high
no heating while operating only heats in pubg high frame rate that too little .
selfie camera works good
ram management is great ( thanks to stock android )
the phone speed is very first
excellent phone in 15k price , asus best phone so far. company is also providing silicon back cover case which was a surprise .
good phone but asus is not sticking to the unique selling point of this phone .
i am writing this review after alomost 2 months use .
unique selling point of this phone was 5000 mah battery which is not good .
battery draining like anything .
5000 mah should least last for 16 hours but it just gives maximum 12 hours which any other phone will give you .
once the phone is fully charged , without even running any apps it starts utilizing the battery and drains almost 5 % in 15-20 mins .
i am satisfied with our service
super phone with nice design .
it feels very premium in hands .
please prefer blue colour while buying the phone because black colour gets smudges on back while we touch
best phone in the world
value for money upto this date
best phone i has been ever used
my companion from now on .
ram management and battary backup is awesome
superb phone in 15k ️ ️
the phone is upto expectation .
1. the battery is powerful
2. the camera is average with a bit of focussing issue .
3. the display is good .
4. the network reception is good enough .
5. the built quality is good .
6. the performance is upto the mark .
7. no heating observed .
1. the camera could have been better .
2. the fingerprint unlocking speed can be much faster .
3. the supplied charger cable is so tiny that you wont be above to charge it everywhere .
4. the device is damn heavy .
overall performance is good
but lacks many basic features and cons like
3.no screenshot tile in notification panel
5.finger print unlock is slow and inaccurate
6.charging time is nearly 3 hours ( 2 hours and 45 mins )
7.camera is just ok ( if camera is your main preference don &apos;t buy this phone )
8.ringtones are awful ( may not be considered by many )
very good . sonu patel
very nice phone and good working
excellent phone , battery performance is fabulous , ram management , excellent camera , no heating issues , no lags , display is very good
excellent one in this price range # bestperformer
thank u asus for a excellent product
i love the way it works
fully satisfied after having this product , stands out to be the best smartphone at this price , there is no issue with the camera , it gives high resolution photos , just an addition of eis would add a cherry on the cake .
i ordered the device last month , in hopes that the phone will live up to its hype , sadly it doesn &apos;t .
called up flipkart for a replacement , rejected as the problem had subsided temporarily , but surprisingly it &apos;s back .
5000 mah should last 2 days , not charge twice a day
also camera tends to not work , total hit or miss
really the worst phone i ever bought .
camera is not good , battery is easily drained , it &apos;s taking 3h ours to charge and is discharging very quickly .
so buy any other phone and please don &apos;t waste money on this one it &apos;s not worth buying .
awesome product by asus
no heating , lag free , smooth operation , lite weight , much more qualities .
in short it &apos;s a value for money product .
camera not satisfied but protrait mode is super comparing to others
built quality is excellent
great within 24 hours phone is delivered , performance of d phone is awesome
awesome battery back up ( 3 days ) , random working ( 2 days ) .
very fast proceessing and no hanging problem .
picture of rear camera is awesome performing , just look as fresh and natural image .
the image of front ( selfie ) camera is seemed just like fresh , neat and clean and natural ( not artificial ) .
# error !
very nice and smart looking .
the colour of my phone is grey although i wanted to have
i had recently purchased asus zenfone max pro 6gb variant and this was first time i thought of buying an asus phone .
but i think it &apos;s not up to the mark .
it &apos;s 6 gb variant feels like3gb and hangs a lot while opening apps and performing normal functions .
and the black color is really different rather looks bluish .
best phone in tha price
amazing back camera and great battery backup loved it but needs some updates to the camera
awesome mobile with good battery specifications performance ram management is superb and it &apos;s a true dual 4g volte smartphone if you have 15k go for it : )
it delivered within 2 days from order but not able to open selfie camera every time it says &quot; camera server died closing camera &quot; redmi note 5 pro is better option instead of asus zenfone max pro m1 .
i recommend to all don &apos;t buy this product .
shipping is on time , without concern the problem of flood in kerala , i &apos;m so happy with flipcart experience , i got an awesome phone , thank you flipcart
liked this device , unexpected surprise .
though stock camera is not up to the mark but enough to capture images in outdoor conditions .
install google camera and get stunning outputs .
i am new to stock android and i am a bit confused of searching things .
can &apos;t find vault in this .
battery is awesome.waiting it to discharge so that i can charge to 100 % .
display is very nice .
though there is no gorilla glass protection , screen looks like there is no need for that .
really superb mobile i ordered on 1st sale still now i &apos;m not faced any problem loved it
simply superb loved so much
products is good but if camera was made of good quality .
two best thing i like most is battery backup and 6 gb ram
camera is good compairing with any other phone in this range .
fingerprint scanner little slow .
sound quality good , if you are not camera or brand lover you can choose this .
after using the phone for 10 days .i am giving the review .
best phone at this price
got improved camera &apos;s when compared with 3gb and 4gb variant phones. best quality in camera &apos;s both front and rare potrait shots are awesome
dedicated sim slot is plus point
finger print is not upto the mark
awesome phone in that price
worth to buy but still it needs an software update
if you don &apos;t play heavy games then battery lasts for 2 days
camera is good enough .
no lagging , fast no signal problems , etc .
great value for money .
awesome mobile. very happy for good quality
nice phone for the
all is well but .
even 16 mp camera but not satisfied .
delivery was awesome within 24 hr
we can change colour. but also it is little warm. that is the only problem. i loved its speaker. it is very crisp and clear and the boom box also helped me. thanks flipkart
features is good but faceunlock is not good performance .
faceunlock is not good
guys , if u are looking for the phone under 15k for 6gb / 64gb in comparision with mi note 5 pro 64gb .
just go for this .
it is complete value for money .
cons : - slow motion mode not available , however mi have that one .
but other features are same .
best mid range phone. just love this .
the features of mobile at this price is just amazing !
and the performance is beast . !
simply the best . worth money. go for it
used to pay pubg and pes , i feel no lag or battery drain .
no words to say go for it guys never think for any other .
pubg runs very well .
no lag at all .
for me best thing is dual 4g at this price .
ram management is excellent .
overall a good phone .
excellent mobile and budget price
one of the best smartphone in this range .
red mi note 5 pro killer.plez add slow motion camera feature in update .
brilliant in this price , exceptional
camera video recording performance is not satisfactory .
flickering light appears in night video shots .
and have capability to challenge iphone x
and 80 % beated 1 + 6 .
looks like a royal mobile .
no lagging yet .
fast startup and boot .
even with pubg , and highier graphics and gb games .
conclusion is if you want everything buy this smart mobile other than redmi note 5 pro
it is so good looking .
if you are looking for the best value for money device for 15k , this is the best you can get .
great display with good outdoor visibility
probably the best speaker under 15
superb cameras ( install google camera and it becomes one of the best camera phones under 15k )
stock camera app is pure garbage
my best phone ever .
gaming is flawless with buttery smooth performance and huge bettery .
call quality is mind blowing .
true hd call experience is here .
i am happy with the sound , performance and battery .
battery lasts a day .
camera has been improved after aug patch update and its been doing good .
overall it &apos;s value for the money .
the battery being 5000mah is worse than redmi note 5 pro , which has 4000mah .
and the camera is a huge letdown .
best phone under 15k .
fingerprint sensor is not working after update
the asus zenfone max pro m1 is a good phone in 15k budget segment .
good processor , do not have heating issue .i have been using for a month now and except for the camera it &apos;s pretty good .
the camera is not that bad either , it &apos;s a personal preference .
not so bad , can be improved though , but u can easily use it for the next 2 years .
good mobile. asphalt 9 legends download error problem in playstore. less features ( no long screenshot , no ir blaster , little bit camera software problem ) game performance 5 star , battery 5 star , storage 5 star. network 4 star , features 3 star
works great. its been 2 week now . no problem at all .
battery drain quickly as a 5000mah battery discharge quickly this is only one problem
i purchased 6gb variant.it &apos;s too good.all the features are super.specially battery backup and speed.awesome ph in this price .
need to improve camera with ota update , screen also not a gorilla glass so handle with care it is better to purchase temper glass along with it bcz outside temper glass are not available as of now , battery n performance are good .
overall below 15000 budget it is better mobile to buy .
6gb version has very good performance .
nice features and good price .
great phone this price .
best phone in 15k
it will not disappoint u. go for it .
camera amazing , performance amazing , no doubts , a good surprise for all types customers from asus .
the delivery was nice .
asus is awesome as always .
the phone works fine , but the major disappointment comes . when the headphone jack doesnt performs .
the 3.5mm jack which asus promising . does not connects my original sony headphones , bringing me a major disappointment .
sad. and disappointed i am a huge fan of music .
great phone at this price .
really appreciate its wonderful
hope asus will send new update to resolve the camera app interference issue .
people. what can i say ? ?
as it &apos;s absolutely rocking man. people who look for heavy usage of mobile. this is the correct choice . .
getting fulfilled all the expectations at a price of 15k is really called as &quot; value for money &quot; . ok ok folks. m too busy with this device .
nice phone . asus please update camera future
poor performance , after used 1 wk , giving review , not feeling of 6 gb ram , applications are not supporting very well , even portrate mode is not working some times , that pic do save some times .
camera application has very basic modes .
don &apos;t get confused , just have it and enjoy the seamless performance .
don &apos;t buy complete mobile protection 1 year , jeevas mobile protection not given any claim , just cheating with customer .
great phone under 15k .
fast , good for gaming and photography all in one very good phone in mid range amazing sound quality loudspeaker nice camera affordable price in gaming phone nice battery life
so far working good , no bugs , battery life is too good , stock experience is superb .
2.battery backup- almost a 1.5 day for heavy usage not gaming just what &apos;s app camera and fb and some apps
3.rear camera is ok but not ok on low light
4.standby is great not draining of battery like others say in forums
5.performance is great i didnot see any lags from till now. even heating. pubg supports high graphics
6.ram management is great
everything is good but fingerprint lock not working
battery life is awesome
face recognition and fingerprint sensor is superfast
performance is very good
overall value for money product
realy its a super phone , im using the phone last 15 days.amazing perfomance , mainly battery back up.i get 2 day batery , im using mainly youtube and more apps long time , no heating issue , thank you asus
very good mobile in less price. awesome product by asus
feels like i have battery issue .
my battery lasts justs 12 hours and this was observed after 20 days of usage ( return policy expired ) .
as per current usage , i expect it to last for max 48 hours , but it drains out in 12-16 hours .
satisfied with overall performance .
battery is the only issue .
being an asus user , compared to zenfone 2 , some features are lacking. like asus &apos; auto call recording feature , camera &apos;s panaroma , gif and timelapse add on features .
awesome phone from asus .
better battery backup , quality camera , good performance .
for this price it &apos;s a awesome phone no doubt .
switching from miui to stock android is but difficult but after some days of usage i &apos;m getting the hang of it .
great , it is awesome
200 percent value for money
in some reviews they said head phone is not working , there is no problem in that all head phone suits it and work very well
battery come around two days
camera is bit slow and auto focus is not good
other than that it &apos;s a best phone for everyone
extremely dissatisfied with the battery service. most ridiculous service. is it really 5000mah as been said ? !
it drains as fast as its less than 3000mah !
today morning i charged the phone 100 % .during the whole day i just use whatsapp and played pubg for 1hour.and now i put my phone on charge.how long the battery service it is . !
i am an asus lover. so i expect better camera as its with dual rear camera. but the camera quality is also not up to the mark. not even front camera .
its my first android phone .
its beautiful with the unique grey color .
performance with respect to speed and camera gets even better after fota updates from asus .
its better to order a tempered glass before u buy this amazing smartphone .
a true value for money indeed .
i am using it sincce four days without charging it after my first use .
i would stronglyrecommend this phone if your budget is less than 20k .
awesome phone better than mi note 5 pro
highly recommend product if you are hardcore gamer you should buy it. battery _ display _ stock ui easy to handles. but. wait the camera app is average .
after using 10 days
display auto brightness is not working properly
battery is not as expected device needs more optimization .
4000mah redmi phone is performing better than this .
some times incoming calls are not ringing but speaker is working very well after restarting the device the calls are ringing up to some time
this is best ever smartphone from asus under 15k .
battery and 6gb ram is the main power of this phone .
great display with full hd .
front and back camera are good at this price range .
very smooth performance no lacks .
smooth performance , the good quality display , and the incredible battery life on a regular basis .
asus zenfone max pro should be your top consideration if you &apos;re in the market for a budget android smartphone today .
first of all thanks to flipkart for fast delivery .
this phone is complete beast for the price .
talking about the looks yes it looks nice and feel good in hands .
next is the interface is really fast and smooth thanks to stock android ( 8.1 ) though it have some bugs hope they will fix it in future through ota updates .
coming to performance , it runs all the apps smoothly without any lag thanks to sd636 chipset .
good in price range .
best phone under 15000 k till date
only camera software snapdragon camera is buggy
amazing product with beautiful design and good spec with amazing camera and monster size battery amazing
.if your budget is below 20k. and you don &apos;t buy this. for sure you will regret later. haven &apos;t found any cons yet
nice mobile having great features
and battery life is awesome .
.instead of going to nokia 6.1 plus or redmi note 5 pro .
asus m1 6 gb ram .
still bugs are not fixed , from asus there is no official update
really the killer beast of redmi note 5 pro. very much satisfied with asus . slightly improvement needed on camera hope to be fixed
if you want to buy something amazing , you should buy this product .
awesome phone interms of hardware and software .
storage expandable to 2tb , ui is crisp n fast , android 8.1 ( can install android 9 also ) .
google gives 1tb storage linked to this device .
fingerprint scanner and face detection .
i was using moto g5s plus .
after than i purchased asus zenfone max pro m1 .
i think best display .
battery backup is good .
performance as expected from sd 636 awesome .
only i felt camera is weakness of this phone .
may asus can improve by giving updates .
i purchased this phone only for dual 4g .
so when every i recharged one sim than other sim are not going to work .
best phone with good quality
best budget mobile phone
the mobile is awesome and the delivery was very fast within 2 days so hats off to flipkart
thanks to flipkart for faster delivery .
this 6 gb variant is very good .
earliar i use redmi note 5 pro and now using this and i like this .
this mobiles performance is better than redmi note 5 pro .
camera is good not bad .
overall all this is best budget phone .
super value for money .
no issue , no lag , no heating issue and no battery drain .
battery life is awesome .
i am getting 1.5 and 2 days of usage .
8 to 9 hours of screenon time .
camera quality is little bit low .
when compared to asus zenfone max .
camera is unstable after getting updates. picture gets little blurred if your hands shake during click , pictures are still good quality
overall it &apos;s good phone and definitely value for money
we are expecting some updates to get camera stable
exlent phone mind blowing
handles everything with ease. masha allah !
but screen freezes sometimes .
best mobile for this price
nice phone in this budget battery is awesome great deal
super fast.sound superb , performance great .
i using phone since 2 days .satisfaction.go for
nice camera on daylight .
great work by flipkart ( on time delivery ) . and never the less the phone rocks
only one is redime not 5 pro killer that us one asus zen phone max pro m1 6 gb
because battery is good
ram management is good than note 5 pro
and main stock android is better than mui 9 in battery optim , one big difference in 5 pro and max pro you like pubg in redime on graphic is balance but in max you in hd graphic
awesome product massive battery backup and nice gaming experience .
played pubg at highest grpahics with full brightness for 4 hours without break and battery dropped from 85 % to just 39 % and not a single lag or frame drop through out gameplay
it should be supporting fast charging
must buy if your looking for performance phone .
but problem in fast charging and camera
good phone but vodafone volte not working on my device
cremera quality very good
good but look is average
value for money. but sim eject pin is missed in the box .
thanks flipkart for fast delivery .
thanks to flipkart for fast delivery , phone is a good in display and performance also but not in camera it &apos;s portrait mode is very bad. for camera waste of money
its a great phone with awesome features .
i will highly recommend this .
i have purchased both redmi note 5 pro 6 gb version and this with 6 gb version .
features and camera quality is same in both but zenfone max pro is having better battery life .
and it &apos;s coming with 2000 less price .
so i will recommend this over redmi note 5 pro .
fantastic mobile very nice
the best budget smartphone .
elegant and beautiful display .
great in hand feel .
what else do you want in 15k ?
just go for it
i just love it
better than redmi note 5 pro in every department
awesome. don &apos;t let me down anytime anywhere. it &apos;s perfect combination of style n specs
i have been using the phone for the last 1 week .
the only problem is the face recognition which is a bit slow and doesn &apos;t recognise your face in low light .
otherwise the phone is very good .
phone looks are awesome and performance as well
but its hard to find tempered glass for it .
potrait mode i.e bookeh iffect is very very poor. remaining all things are superb and perfect
camera very low quality better then 4gb varient
it &apos;s the best beast available for gamers at this price point .
overall i would give it 4.2 / 5
asus is doing great work thumbs up to asus
a best budget mobile with 15k .
i &apos;m totally satisfied with this product .
it can beat redmi note 5 pro .
i &apos;m surprised with camera .
camera is the best one with that price range .
this is a amazing device .
everything is just perfect .
i am getting 10 + hours screen on time on 4g network.and those who are complaining about camera please install gcam and then you will see the difference .
after installing gcam the camera performance is just like rn5pro i know it because my sister has rn5pro .
rear camera depth sensor for bokeh effect works only if the object is very close , in the range less than a meter whereas for lenovo k8 note plus the range is almost twice .
apart from it , this is really a beautiful phone and more than worthy for the price .
battery is a beast lasting for 2 days nearly , android &apos;s stock version is a feather in the cap .
beautiful portraits from the front cameras , acceptable ( but not superior quality ) of photos in low light .
6 gb variant is really worthy to have it .
processor is pretty fast
overall phone is awesome for the price love you asud
simply amazing but eis should be there in the next update and some pro camera features should also be made available .
this is the phone i dreamed .
it is so smooth , so quick and really smart .
it is definitely best phone in this price range .
camera quality is also very good .
fingerprint scanner - moderate
audio in ear piece ( in call ) and audio jack - worst .
fm radio sound is too much distorted and lot of noises - worst
phone is great but the only problem is it &apos;s camera .camera not so good
powerful mobile go for it. zakkas
very nice phone.better than note 5 pro .
nice phone for this price.camera is not bad.good features .
best budget mobile in 15k segment. rear cam is too good compared to mi note 5pro , front is also good , a good budget phone .
excellent battery backup and a great camera for detailed shots make this a beast .
gaming is also great with no lags. overall a good smartphone .
go for it only 6gb ram
pretty yaar , value for money .
am happy with it , and the brand am loving it .
best phone in the price range. value for money .
2 days regular use for one full charge , what more you can ask for ? ?
this phone handle high graphic game very well like pubg and also the battery when you play one hour pubg you will loss only 15 % battery .
i &apos;m happy with gaming and battery this phone easily beat mi .
outstanding product . i will vote this better than note 5 pro in every aspects except camera performance but asus is pushing it by software updates , though very good camera experiance . highly recommended device in this price segment .
i &apos;m happy with the product , but after seeing a 2000 rs price drop after just 2mnth of my purchase and after 3 mnth of phn launch , this really break my heart .
no complaints for a 6gb / 64gb variant .
asus gestures are very good and handy .
if you spend sometime on camera then it isn &apos;t bad at all infact good , but at time slightly off but still very good .
design : looks very good and has a 2.5d which adds the curvyness on the edges .
no gorilla glass but i am ok , will put a screen guard .
performance : best in class and beats most of the phones above its price range .
this gadget truely defines the meaning of android .
great mobile in 15000 .
currently no other mobile comes with these specifications in this price .
only camera is not upto the parameter .
but camera won &apos;t disappoint you .
on n all this phone is suberb and i don &apos;t think you regret your purchase .
i just bought this phone couple of days before and to tell you the pros :
the delivery received before as per scheduled .
battery backup very well two days battery backup display something very well
the handset is very good. even the flipkart service is also very good and nice
best best best phone i have ever had
i bought it on 9th of august sale. dont waste your time reading this review. click on the buy button and purchase it. definitely worth buying .
best quality camera , unbeatable battery , nice for gaming and all things i loved of this phone
i must say awesome product max pro m1
camera quality is good but not too much .
starting problem in camera .
great nice one , value for money thank you asus
very good device. but flipkart takes 6 days to deliver this product
overall the phone is good value for money .
battery consumption must be optimise
that all every thing is super in this phone
the asus zenfone max pro m1 6gb ram absolutely nails the basics and performs without compromising in any areas honestly there isn &apos;t much more you can ask for a budget phone .
i would consider it is a fastest and best budget phone in indian market right now !
2 ) stock android 8.1 oreo
awesome phone in 15000 / -
cemara 4k not support my mobile very bad
using since last 3 days .
performance is quite good .
camera quality is too good .
though it does not support eis , video quality is also good .
a big thumbs up for speakers , ram , sceeen , performance and battery .
the performance is supper and camera is good
the smartphone was delivered before time.superb phone.thanks to asus and flipkart
camera is the thing which is the con i can see .
the portrait is not up to mark and ui must be upgraded to standard .
there is problem with fingerprint scanner , it &apos;s not smooth as other phones .
though no lagging , no heating , it &apos;s fast .
there is no problem in camera
and the best value for money between 15000
there are too much bug &apos;s
it &apos;s a mi killer . !
# 1the look of the phone is really good and feel premium .
# 2the specification of it great and no one can beat him in this price point .
# 3the battery backup is almost 1.5 - 2 days for normal use and 1 day easily for heavy use .
# 4ram management is too good all the app you open in the background is always there .
# 5the gaming experience is really amazing .
facing issue with camera. image quality is below average. images get pixelated. otherwise everything else is ok .
the device performance is awesome great battery life
no heating issue no lagging problem. and value for money
don &apos;t waste time on watching reviews. just go for it awesome phone. camera is definetly better than ur old smartphone . # vfm
i used this device , it &apos;s awesome i appericiated this device to purchase for flipkart i m very glad to operate this and i hope asus will bring changes future time i love this device no any problem to operate this .
this phone is amazing .
best budget smartphone you can buy .
from the look and feel of this phone to overall performance and battery life , everything is just perfect .
i would definitely suggest you to buy this phone if you are on a tight budget of 14999 .
and yes it has stock android too , means no bloatware and lag .
don &apos;t think much just buy it , you &apos;ll be completely satisfied i can guarantee that .
the phone is really good and works perfectly fine .
the camera app needs a bit of optimization though .
the battery backup is decent .
since my last 2 hours of continues usage , it dropped from 64 to 52 percent .
overall , this phone is a great value for money .
it is a wonderful phone at this price range , gives the most out of it
feels better than redmi not 5 pro
osm delivery time and delivery boy too
best phone i ever see in this price range really love this phone
i am not a camera lover but the camera is awesome
i used the phn for 30 + min only 5 % battery drained
very very good ram management
not hang at all pubg works very fine
champion in each and every category in this price segment .
nice performance , excellent display , good battery , but camera should be better
not at all satisfied with delivery .
flipkart took three days for delivery .
about the phone it is just awesome .
go blindly and you can purchase the asus
the phone has amazing battery life .
pura din net chlao to 48 hours continue net chlao skte ho fir b 15 percentage bach jyega .
hang to kbhi hota e nhi.100 % value for money .
asus decice excellent , flipkart experience very bad .
customer care representative was very very ineffective , not capable of solving query .
good product for 15k
satisfied buying this phone ..
performance wise and looks wise it &apos;s awesome device to buy ..
talking about flipkart services it &apos;s also best , delivered within time limit and package quality was also good ..
only one word &quot; premium product &quot;
good phone bang for buck
very better then then the mi n5pro
amazing phone in this price range .
no heating or lagging after 1 month of usage .
camera performance gets better after 2 updates which we receive .
overall a good experience .
love to use this phone cam , battery backup , performance everything , thank you asus and flipkart for the great service
i want to make it short and sweet
2. display is quite good
3. camera &apos;s picture quality is good
no hanging , lagging or heating issues
2 dedicated slots for sim and an extra slot for memory card
playing games is quite smooth , played nfs , pubg and asphalt 9
1. fingerprint sensor is not very good
sound quality mi note 5 pro is better
3. no protection glass
4. no headphones in box
overall good pick in this price range
can play pubg in hd
default camera app ( google cam is good )
slow charging with default charger ( 2.5 hrs ) for 5000mah
excellent true value thanks
volume down button isn &apos;t working
no 1 smartphone in india in this price segment .
feel very good when hold it into hand .
i like it. thanks for asus of made by zenfone max pro. also thanks flipkart .
good performance need improvement also best in this price range
thanks flipkart to deliver before time and it &apos;s very good handset and i love this
awesome product. don &apos;t be confused between asus zenfone m1 and mi note 5 pro. definitely asus is better
awesome product within range .
just received this beast and really loved it.no doubt it is value for money.pubg experience is drastic on it .
thanks asus for launching this beast
there is never been anything like this .
asus zenfone max pro m1 is the king of the indian market .
i loved it when i used it for first time .
there is no direct video calling from dialer
i love this phone
it easily compete and beat redmi note 5 pro
it is lag proof mobile for gaming
switched from op 3 to this phone .
there are lot of bugs in the phone , like the wifi looses connection automatically and camera app crashes .
asus has been pushing updates and one thing gets a little better but then there is some other new bug .
asus need to improve camera of the mobile
excellent phone considering its price.i always prefer asus over mi.pros- battery , display , lag free performance , stock android cons- camera performance in low light conditions especially front cam , lack of any gorilla glass .
have to handel carefully.best buy in this price range .
hope asus providers least 2 major os updates and time to time updates.happy about thepurchase .
good sound quality and louder too
not much slim as it packs 5000mah
some major apps required like
front flash is not working maybe some settings have changed
low light photography not upto mark
call recording option missing
excellent mobile and till date no issue after the use of a week .
i purchase this mobile in first flash sale with a fear of camera performance but i was right in deal .
no issue with camera .
awesome mobile value for money .
# awesome i love this phone .
i m worried about camera bcz at night u can can &apos;t click photos closely .
if u focus a closer object u find all photo is white due to white reflections. can i resolve this ?
fingerprint is not working
faster delivery . super phone
battery backup is too good .
it is the best phone in15k
this is an awesome phone. where i played pubg for 3 hours continuously and there was no heating issue. the battery is awesome how much ever you use. it won &apos;t drain up fastly .
finally asus has made a good come back. but i request asus to give an update on camera .
good phone , thanks flipkart .
camera isn &apos;t working properly in low light condition otherwise camera osm in daylight condition
best phone. good battery .
camera and performance is great .
everything good except camera
camera in very primitive stage .
lacks even basic things :
like you can &apos;t zoom a pic taken in cam app
no slow motion or any other mode
no option to click anywhere on screen
don &apos;t expect great photos , just normal pics .
else this is a master in all fields .
you can buy blindly .
good phone low price super camera fast working long battery.l very very happy
camera is not up to the mark .
5mp rear for focusing is just for name sake .
only good thing with in the range of 15k is 6gb ram and 5000 battery
believe me asus zenfone 2 camera is 1000 times better than this max pro1 camera
very very good phone , support true dual volte and fullhd + display make your experience very great with this phone .
and 8.1 is very good to use and user-friendly .
the awesome phone i &apos;ve bought in the budget in 15k .
this phone is all-rounder .
battery stays alive more than 1.5 days after playing pubg .
the best phone under 25k .
it &apos;s better than perfect
camera not as expected compared to other mobiles in this range .
good phone . but i need native video calling
i am fully amazed to see its battery performance .
must buy for anyone .
camera is also fine and in daylight its awesome .
no problem to buy it .
mobile is dope .
if you are confused between red mi note 5 pro 4gb varient and max pro m1 6gb varient .
zenfone is a clean winner .
except the camera , every other aspect is better in zenfone than note 5 pro .
excellent smart mobile with excellent performance and meet everyone expectation .
awesome phone with great specifications but screen is a bit yellowish
very nice device , i gifted this to my friend .
nice phone with amazing facilities .battery backup two days standing
this phone has the best battery and i love it
it &apos;s great in overall but u may think twice for 5000may
thanks to asus for a beautiful device- like touching device .
but it &apos;s fingerprint sensor and double tap to wake up feature . very disappointing. also sometime charging issues .
overall the interface is good though it doesn &apos;t have some call recording , applock , hide features .
battery is good enough .
standby draining is more .
sometimes ui forced closes not most of the time .
think ota updates will fix these .
expecting more updates from asus .
front cam disturbance is more 16mp doesn &apos;t justify picture quality .
my device has a mic problem some times a weird sound comes out of the speaker .
don &apos;t know whether its software problem or speaker problem .
camera 9 / 10 ( except night mode front camera )
touch is butterly smooth .
grey colour looks gorgeous .
overall excellent phone in this budget .
we &apos;ll each and every mobile has its pros and cons .
this mobile is very much with a pros than any other mobile .
i have bought 3 phones in the very first sale for me and my family .
after a week use writing this review .
overall the product is good .
but need a lot improvement in camera including stabilisation .
it is not fast in capturing images .
the images are often blurred while taking pictures unless you keep the camera for a bit time focusing on the object .
application run smoothly but some of the app &apos;s crashes so often like facebook jio music etc .
don &apos;t know whether it &apos;s the problem with the hardware or the application part .
i got 6gigs varient in the first sale. woooho !
it &apos;s super great phone on paper !
but just need some software updates to caught more eyes , specially in camera department i suggest replace snapdragon camera with some interesting zenskin camera , need more features to make it more cool .
also love 4k recordings but stabilization is super demanded , i think phone still be a true android .
no complains for battery related things .
i have no words its amazing
everything is ok for except the battery .
5000 mah but still lack of performing accordingly .
smartphone gives only a day battery life that &apos;s it .
my screen lock is not working
my honesty opinion is under 15k it &apos;s a amazing product which leads a lot of performance .
camera- rear camera is osm i am satisfied but front camera good but need some improvement of this
performance- sd 636 leads a vital performance which unbetable amazing i am using pubg many times no any lag issue .
battery- 5000 massive battery plays amazing role if you use it in normal system , its carried on 2 day backup .
if you used in heavy then it &apos;s shows 15-20 hour .
mobile is ok but touch problem irritating me .
hi this is the best phone as far as specifications is concerned. so don &apos;t think just go for it
this is very good
fantastic phone asus and all-over outstanding best in price and flipkart ( ekart service ) very good
gud looking nd fantastic view
missing my old phone yuphoria in terms of software features .
missing native video calling , auto call record option , gallery , file manager , some widgets
camera performance also not as expected for the given hardware .
fingerprint sensor is so fast and accurate.face unlocking also nice .better battery than any other phones .
overall good value for money .
phone is good but design may be improved
fully satisfied. worth the money. full confidence with battery life. super fast performance. camera average. premium look. excellent display. best budget phone under. overall full pakage
it &apos;s an awesome deal , my recommendation is just go for it and experience the best .
osm phone. i love it
so many new features
and after update the features are so muched improved
excellent product and design
i &apos;m fully satisfied this mobile
i brought tis product with dubious mind but on using tis product. finding it awesome by all means .
i now feel myself took right decision in buying tis fone of asus .
before tis never used any fone of tis co .
i would suggest blind purchase tis model fone of 6gb ram asus co &apos;s zenfone .
best smartphone in 15k with 6gb ram and camera is good its better than redmi note 5 pro .
i &apos;m with 6gb beast , battery king
great value for me .
few bugs are still there which can be removed from ota updates .
very nice phone , with stock android
totally thumbs up for this
thank you asus for launching this smartphone .
this smartphone is a real beast and killer of redmi note 5pro.it &apos;s battery is like an inverter and display is ausome .
but it &apos;s lack eis and slow motion video recording .
i hope that asus will fix it soon .
it is the best smartphone under rupees 20,000range .
good budget phone. happy to buy it .
lots of noise in night
2. not much details in photo
camera bokeh effect / depth effect not working properly
4. selfie camera is too much noisy .
awesome phone don &apos;t think about anything while buying this phone it &apos;s a beast and true rn 5 pro killer
and also grey color is better than black one it is more premium
now i am a fan of asus .
excellent device trust me
you will definitely fall in love with the device .
simply wonderful , go for it .
this divoce camera is very bed but bettery good
very good phone in this range .
this is my second asus phone .
camera app sucks rest everything works .
6 gb ram model has yellow shade display i am not confirmed if it is hardware or software problem .
after editing photos taken by this phone i am amazed .
still lack of image stability ( eis )
and crappy camera app .
battery life can also be improved by update but right now battery have some drain issues on ideal mode .
camera performance is good .
i hope upcoming updates will make this phone a beast than other mobiles under 20k .
overall excellent , asus brand is awesome .
a major upgrade in camera compared to previous variants of zenfone max pro m1 .
overall i am happy with this phone .
it suits all my requirements .
if you need huge battery and good performance and normal camera , this 6gb variant of asus zenfone max pro m1 is the phone for you .
i mean i &apos;m love with this phone .
i had bought 4 gb variant 3 months ago and it was working splendid in all aspects .
and now it &apos;s 6gb one .
max pro is very good in day to day use .
it has got great battery life .
the software is butter smooth .
camera is decent and in fact captures more details that its competitors , particularly redmi note 5 pro .
it is highly recommended to buy this phone
so far it &apos;s going amazing battery is nice but can be improved by updates .
no lag noticed except for instagram and sometimes play store which might be a software issue .
camera is awesome except front it &apos;s neither excellent nor bad .
just need a little bit of software improvements ( for camera , battery , and instagram ) except for that this is totally a value for money device .
if you &apos;re thinking to buy just go for it .
6gb variant is basically best smartphone in 15k price .
except the camera performance it can beat rn5 pro in every aspect .
there will be slight difference in camera , not recognisable until compared side-by-side .
it &apos;s really a vfm smartphone , i was planning to go for mi a2 but they blew up this time .
no one is offering 6gb of ram at this price point though you have to compromise a bit with the camera but i guess they &apos;ll make it more better with updates .
edit : - i &apos;ve been using this phone for a week now , mostly i &apos;ve been greeted with bugs which are irritating like some apps dont work over the wifi connection and work just fine over 3g / 4g .
first of all i would like to say that this is the best smartphone you will ever get under ₹ 15k price range .
i would point out the pros and cons of this phone after use of 10 days .
there is massive improvement in the camera quality .
16mp front and 16 + 5mp back camera is really an icing on the cake .
picture quality is crisp and detailed .
beat smart phone under budget .
flipkart delivery service is awesome .
everything great except a low performing camera infront of redmi note 5 pro .
hope camera can be improved by software update .
hai guys , my name is jeevan from kharagpur .
this one is a nice product i m not rating as a awesome product because of camera it capture nice images but not up to the mark which was given by company ( means 16 mp ) .
value for money proudect
review after 3 days no error for camera
purchaseed 6 gb variant
just few days after using this phone man this battery is crazy 10 hours of screen on time it is insane .
6 gb ram optimization is really good
camera was problem with other two varients but that &apos;s not the case with 6 gb model
and most important stock android making phone smooth .
camera app needs to be replaced with asus pixelmaster camera app and camera2api should be enabled by software update .
because camera hardware much more capable than redmi note 5 pro .
if you peeps know how to enable camera2api without unlocking bootloader , then install google camera mod by arnova , just search on internet for everything .
display , battery backup and camera are value for money and 100 % satisfactory .
the product looks good .
i have done a full charging and checked .
i was able to use for around 30 hours , out of which around 5 hours hotspot was on .
have pretty decent backup
looks are good and it fits in your hand because of good shape .
camera is ok , not so great .
normal pics are ok .
i tried to take shot similar to macro , very difficult to get focus .
sound is loud , but no so clear if we put on speaker when talking .
performance is good and net is working very fast .
no direct video calling option. camera is not that good , ui bugs .
the phone works fine : )
one word . awesome
great phone with great specs .
and also a better than resonable price tag .
best phone i got it at 13700 thank flipkart for this offer and phone as well. good go asus
ram management is good but camera is not good
super phone , battery is amazing
best budget stock android mobile
superb phone , should buy for 15k
great camera and display
excellent mobile brilliant performance
mobile beast ️ 🧡
no.1 mobile at this price range &quot; unbeatable &quot;
eis also working , it is in hidden camera settings
hai guys from asus 6gb.everything is ok but in camera i am disappointed by asus . , may be they can solve the issues new updates.i am waiting for that . , other things no words to say everything awesome .
no one can beat this phone in its range
good phone in this price
awesome phone value for money good
only camera is a lil weak rest everything else is very good
if asus updates camera software then i will rate this device 5 star
camera is little bit better and fingerprint sensor is 2x faster than 4gb version. can run pubg at high settings and high fps .
headphone jack is at the bottom n usb port is upside down which is wierd !
update 1 : free tpu back cover got yellowish after 3 days of use . ( as all transparent tpu covers )
perfect fit. and if you want to remove bubble from the side use oil method .
best phone in this range
good quality mobile but need some updates like camera
great performance , no doubt .
but only issue camera in low light .
here is my critical view of the device
battery dropped from 89 % to 61 % in 16 hours , overall good battery but it will give you feel of 4000mah battery only .
superb handset can &apos;t say anything. just awesome . worth of money
just go for it. flipkart will serve it. asus will care for it .
nice product and love the flipkart fast delivery
the best camera phone , the best battery , best display , best processor , best ram , best speed , all in one best smartphone .
it &apos;s really gud product. bt in camera n face unlock want to improve , i thinck asus work to improve it &apos;s , overview mobile is really awesome
best mobile in budget .
don &apos;t go to other mobile .
best budget phone for 15k .
performance is the highlight of this phone .
phone &apos;s battery lasts for 2 days on normal use with data / wifi all the time .
gesture modes and face unlock are hit / miss .
only drawback is camera app in this phone is not good .
asus should enable camera2 api for this phone over ota update .
first of all i would like to say thanks to flipkart for the fastest delivery !
at this price range this is one of the best mobile .
there are many ways of unlocking the device !
camera and battery are excellent
if you are a gamer. especially if you are a pubg gamer this mobile totally fits in !
if you are about the buy the mobile and you are confused with the which color to buy. go for grey , cuz it looks premium
nice mobile , increase our dignity
awesome phone but bugs hay
the phone is an ultimate beast as said by asus , it decrowned xiaomi redmi note 5 pro and became a flagship .
the phone leads ahead in every aspect .
camera : the camera is too good as compared to 3 gb and 4gb
though rn5 pro leads in this segment a
little bit , but it is acceptable because asus gives
things which are too good than rn5 pro .
best value for money smartphone under 15000 .
specially the display , battery and performance. and stock android experience is the bonus. it really doesn &apos;t feel that it has a 5000 mah battery .
front camera not good
most affordable 6gb ram phone with stock android experience and 8.1 out of the box .
asus just need to update its camera and give eis by fota .
hope to see usb-type c next year in m2 .
asus just nailed it with this version , the experience is as smooth as it gets , the 6gb ram shows it &apos;s strength , when there its multi window heavy games etc etc it &apos;s smooth experience tholrough out .
a little detail version .
1. camera : - okay not it &apos;s biggest selling point but they easily deliver and they tend to go for natural colors thus may not be pretty to eyes but are a real deal
built : - it &apos;s built is quite sturdy and network reception is great
attractive , ram is enough , battery enough , speaker sound as well as , display size is very good , but , no amoled screen , no gorilla glass , network systems not strong , also hang problem is seen just like sumsang mobile .
nice product for 15000 thousand the delivery of product is fast i have got it in two days i satisfied from that product
ovar all phone is good but internet speed problem in the phone
really awesome product gonna be tough competitive phone for redmi 5 pro camera , display , battery , speed etc . , all r very nice worth and cheap for this product .
phone is not ringing during incoming call , can someone from asus please help on this
loving it asus. thank you .
nice ph at this price segment .
camera like oppo vivo . u can click a pic without makeup
best budget smartphone of 2018 in rs .
with wonderful performance , camera , battery life and screen .
it &apos;s more than value for money .
battery is best in this range
camera is best in this range
processor snapdragon 636 is tremendous
the best thing is stock like android interface
worth for money 6gb and dedication memory card slot
great device , best under 15k .
screen quality is best of best it has ips display but the colours are vibrant .
it has very good quality of ips display like lg phone not cheap quality ips display on xiaomi &apos;s all phone .
camera is good , battery is long lasting , it has notification led , sounds quality is good , ram and proccessor is fast .
i love this phone and i guarantee you will never regret after buying this phone
superb phone. value for money
nice phone under 15k
awesome phone , super fast , no heating at all , performance superb and battery long time .
only little bit heat while charging and watching youtube videos using 4g sim net and it is common .
1 battery backup is awesome
3 display is amazing
4 camera is decent not too good not too bad
5 u can play pubg in high def
1 no gorilla glass
• since it has 5000 mah battery , normal users can use this phone up to 4 days , whereas internet users can use the phone upto 2 days .
• 16 + 5 mp dual camera at backside is good and 16mp front camera does takes good selfies .
• due to qualcomm snapdragon 636 and 6gb ram , playing video is awesome and there is no lagging while playing games .
• sound quality is excellent .
if you want more sound , one can use max-box provided with this mobile .
• mobile has 3 slots .
far better than redmi note 5 pro
no words for this awesome device .
best phone best ram 6 gb it better for gaming
i think asus zenfone max pro m1 is better than redmi note 5pro
1 ) price is also upto mark ( redmi 4 gb ram available at this price )
2 ) simple user interface any one can operate this mobile
3 ) no heating issue after heavy usage of 2 days .
4 ) 5000mah power is more than enough
overall good impression by asus
phone is good , camera not best for low light .but not capchar bad photo , dey photo is natural and good qualiy .
overall very good quality phone , . at . 14999 / -now
the phone is just amazing .
it &apos;s the best value for money smartphone .
it feels like 20k + phone.i got the delivery in just 23hours which is just amazing .
whoever cannot buy oneplus because of cost then it &apos;s very good option .
plus the stock android is the icing on the cake.very much satisfied .
don &apos;t regret just go for it you will love this phone .
not satisfied with front camera still
firstly i should be thankful to ekart logistics to deliver my zenfone max pro m1 within 24hours .
yesterday 12 : 00pm i ordered asus zenfone max pro m1 and today 12 : 30pm it was in my hand .
there is no gorilla glass in zenfone but after all it is really unbeatable .
first time i brought asus product ( zenfone m1 6gb ) phone it &apos;s really awesome to use this device .
it is extremely powerful sd processor and battery is very useful in every condition .
good job asus team .
best phone under 20k i think
first of all thank you flipkart for fast delivery
dual camera is awesome
good battery back up
very fast with 6gb ram
last of all just go for it if you wanna buy a budget phone
very good phone without any doubts .
camera is good but night photography is ok
call clarity is very good
iam using iphone 7 plus but my zen beats all
the best mobile phone for rs15000 .
thanks to flipkart executive who came twice and delivered before time .
1st of all asus and flipkart well done
camera is also good bt after few updates
grey looks better , guyz if ur confused between both clous , dont be , grey is better then black
over all product is too much good
wonderful phone , 200 % value for money
what else one can expect in 15k ?
the beast , in real manner. go for it .
really unbeatable mobile in this category. sabka baap asus zenfone max pro. amazing
this is one of the best phone under this price segment .
under 15k you are getting very nice display , 5000 mah battery , triple sim slots , 6gb ram snapdragon 636 .
camera is also good but need some improvement which can be fixed via ota update so dont worry .
no company will give you this type of extraordinary specs under 15000rs .
phone display , performance and battery backup is beyond your expectations .
camera is also fine .
close your eyes and buy it .
you will not get regret .
worry free go for it .
6 gb ram 64 rom
16 mp front cam .
in this price range .
got in first sale .
at first place , i was convinced of not to buy rn5p as the price shot up after its initial sale and it was just an artificial raise because of its demand and not worth of it .
at the time i was waiting for a mobile in this price range , then came was this beast .
let me not go into the review of specifications as many had hit the right chords .
if you are looking for a quality mobile which values your every penny then close your eyes and go grab one at once .
phone is just awesome .
camera is good batter backup is just amazing i charged it 100 % at 11am and next day its 12 : 13pm still battery is 40 % .
camera is also good but after updating system update , pic have lot of noice. look is just awesome and superlight weigh compare to mi note 5 pro. and it is way way better than note
battery backup is good .
face unlock is satisfactory
great hardware let down by awful buggy software implementation .
only saving grace is the awesome developer support on xda which ensures you don &apos;t depend on asus for the right software .
go for it only if you are the adventures type and ready to flash custom roms to unlock the full potential .
amazing product in affordable price .
i loved the battery life as it &apos;s been working smoothly since last 3 days .
thanks for on time delivery .
non asus users try to give a sort .
this phone is almost perfect .
looks great in the grey color .
performance is also awesome .
battery life is insane .
cameras are also very good .
only the camera app needs to be improved .
everything else is just perfect .
its awesome in gaming and also its very good and long lasting battery
very nice mobile , clear and sharp display , best camera , loud sound , good battery backup. asus done its job .
thanks to flipkart and ekart service delivered mobile in time .
amazing at what you get at this price .
the phone is really good and has a lot to offer .
the best part is that it has dual 4g slots , which means you can use your volte calling even if you are using data services on a non volte sim card .
thanx to flipkart for the fastest delivery .
also thanx to asus for this great mobile manufacturing .
i am just talking about the cons .
front camera is not super but good , need many improvements .
rear camera is not up to the mark , it needs more and more improvement.the low light photos capturing is very bad .
so please asus if you are going through my review , please fix the camera problem through ota update sooner .
i got the product one day prior to flipkart commitment .
asus zenfone max pro m1 is a real show stealer with mind blowing performance .
damm. this is the note 5 pro killer
ok the phone is great at this point .
i &apos;m loving the almost stock android feel .
the camera actually takes the natural side of you .
it maybe not suitable as per their comfort for some people , but people like me definitely loves the phone .
but it crashes most of the time .
also need to know that it has no eis which means the stabilizer while shooting a video .
it can be fixed with an update if asus see through it .
when compared with 3 gb or 4gb ram model the cameras of 6gb model is much better
a beast phone in this price range .
obviously without a doubt a note 5 pro killer .
go for without a second thought .
asus zenfone max pro m1. firstly gratitude to flipkart and their deliver partner ekart for delivering the device before stipulated time .
coming over to device , the looks and feel of device is exemplary and premium in its class .
with the sillicon case in box in 6 gb variantthe smudging at back becomes a non issue .
the display quality too is fantastic and awesome reproduction of sound through its 5 magnet speaker .
phone is overall good but camera is not meet expectation
best phone in 15k .
i am using redmi note 5 pro. but fully satisfied with asus &apos;s performance .
camera is at par with redmi. other features are far better .
like u get massive 5000 mah battery . 6gb ram in same price .
dedicated memory card slot . 6gb ram . 5000 mah .
battery makes it better to note 5 pro in same price .
its a better choice in 15k .
awesome battery backup , i have charged it yesterday till now i have 58 % left .
if you are looking for a smart phone at 15000 budget. simply go for it .
i m using this from past2days .
it &apos;s screen sensitivity is awesome.even a single dust particle slips when it come into contact with screen .
boy o boy this is one heck of a phone u should go blindly for. believe me u won &apos;t regret it
1.best phone for this money value .
2.as 16 + 5 mp rear camera , average result .
3.16 mp selfi camera is best .
5.i have tried two jio sims at a time .
6.fingerprint sensor is slightly slow , but it can be developed after updates .
7.speaker volume is slightly low , but booster box works very well .
- video call is not supporting. needs an update
there are low inbuilt features , i was expecting more and user friendly features but asus disappointed me .
not very happy using it .
the performance of the phone is awesome .
the phone is fast charging .
camera is good in day light .
clear and large sound ( u don &apos;t need a speaker ) .
earphones not given in the box .
camera works average in low light conditions .
nice phone and good camera
awesome mobile. go for it without a second thought , you won &apos;t regret
simply amazing for a cheap price .
the camera looked bad but after the update it was good.there is no option for direct screen short .
the battery is good might last for 1 and a half days .
good performance no stucking but only 50 gb internal out of 64 gb
light weight phone for a big battery
great phone enjoying to fullest
i have not face any lag in fingerprint sensor. and even camera is better than vivo v9
superb phone at this price range .
nice phone to replace note 5 pro
every thing is good battery screen os and etc .
with 2.4ghz 1 antenna the rate is limited to 72 max 86 , so even 50 + is not possible .
thats only -ve they should have included the 5gac chip in 6gb apart from other changes .
eis may be available in future update .
for hdr is so slow cant capture the needed photo .
a good purchase , great performance , descent screen , a good camera hardware in 15k price range .
stock camera gives good images in good lighting conditation .
in low light situation use old one plus camera app ( no root ) .
then total problem will solve .
sound quality also descent.i am very happy with my purchase .
awesome camera ( but lacking of eis , only for video recording ) , nice battery , good stock android experience ( oreo ) , audio quality is just fabulous , premium look , fhd + display , that &apos;s enough for rs 15000 🤗 🤗 🤗
i really got tired of these xiaomis. what a great phone. really user friendly interface and silky smooth operation .
loved the phone received it before the mentioned date great service by flipkart would give a more detailed review later
phone is very very superrrrr
best phone under rs 15000
face unlock doesn &apos;t work
great mobile with extraordinary features .
unbeatable in this price segment
value for money smartphone , 6gb ram , 5000mah battery , snapdragon 636 , good cameras , redmi note 5 pro killer phone .
product is good so far . except camera and the audio from headphones is very low
wowww this mobile just blews ur mind .
battery running status very well
most tanks for this mobile
just go for it. awesome phone. but , 1. camera is very poor and needs to be upgraded immediately , and 2. slow motion video recording and time lapse needs to be included via update.please asus do it . , .
thanks team flipkart for super fast delivery .
phone is just amazing without any lag , got a huge battery , faceunlock is also better than other budget phones
nice phone thank for asus
terrific phone for its price it has awesome camera and good display and good battery life and front cam is also nice
overall a good phone and camera is better than the 4gb varient .
excellent phone at this price range .
much much much better in each and every aspect than any other phone in this price range !
just go for it !
after one month giving this review .
camera depth effect good
software performance not that good
i got the new superb one. its superb allrounder mobile. worth for money in 15k range. i was orderd balck but its dark blue .
anyway fine am satisfied with it .
best phone in budget
excelent ph in 15k budget. must buy this. i m loving it .
no words for this smartphone , value for money , awesome feature , first time i bought asus phone .
awesome display , awesome performance and awesome battery back up .
little disappointed with camera but it &apos;s ok too .
hope they improve camera by updates .
and yes it has triple slot .
camera quality is not good. and no eis .
great phone with lower price and thanks flipkart for fast best service .
don &apos;t go for redmi note 5 pro buy this amazing smartphone asus battery life super .
display and camera are also amazing
excellent phone for the price .
you won &apos;t find such a featuriatic phon with a 6 gb ram in such low price .
impressive mobile @ this busget , but face unlock is not good
the phone is really very amazing .
i love the camera quality .
asus really worked on this device .
i can say this phone is better than redmi note 5 pro
value for money product .
missing lots of stock android features , equaliser was hidden .
very good .only fingerprint slow
great value for money phone
firstly thanks to flipkart for fast delivery .
very nice bokhe effet .
excellent phone , needed good update for this thats all .
very nice phone amazing deal for indian customers by asus
such this price range , this is marvelous phone
good performance with other phone
overall best deal in 15k price point.value for money. some minor cons are poor camera ui and unreliable face lock .
hope asus will fix it on upcoming software update. but that was not a deal breaker for me. completely satisfied with it .
over all phone is good camera needs little improvement
osm phone in low price
amazing product by asus. thanks to flipkart for a quit delivery .
i &apos;m happy to get this smart phone in first sale.thank you asus
if you trought buy smart phone .so i also recommend buy this smart phone
superb product , good camera and battery backup , fast delivery by flip kart
thank you flip kart and asus , 100 % value for money
perfect phone under 20,000
better than mi note 5 pro
camera is actually superb
looks is also better because of curved antena lines
battery is like a beast
charging time is about 1 hour 55 minutes
lucky to book and get delivery in two days during first flash sale .
got delivery on 28th july .
not getting hot during charging .
worth to buy for 15,000 / - rs .
the main problem is that i don &apos;t have a perfect temporary screen card for this asus zenfone max pro m1
the phone is amazing but the camera could been have better. but the overall performance of the phone is just amazing. and the best part is the stock android seems like it &apos;s google pixel
this phone can beat mi
great value for money .
6gb varient has decent cameras !
face unlock and fingerprint works really well !
good for gaming !
almost no heating even when playing games like pubg for extended periods !
good morning nice looking
audio quality through 3.5mm jack is poor
one of the amaging mobile at this cost i &apos;m really impressed with its performance
battery draining too fast. it feels like i am using 3000-4000mah battery. overall it is best phone under 15k. but battery performance dissappointed me .
very good mobile under 20k .
need some improvements on face unlock features .
awesome mobile. bt fingerprint sensor slow .
and battery life not good. normal use one day lasting. and play game , play video , etc used then 18 / 19 hours .
but other features good .
i love this mobile. nice. love it .
nice looking and light weight
battery and 6gb ram more advantage
perfect smartphone for the price .
great hardware , average software ( ota updates / other cam apps will do wonders ) 4k videos .
superb quality and design .
beastly internals - sd636 , 6gb ddr4 , 64 gb , dedicated sd card slot , dual volte sim slots , pleasant ips display etc etc .
maxbox is a cool accessory .
received 2 ota updates already .
no qc certified fast charging .
sooperb phone. i am big fan of asus. thank you flipcart for your fastest delivery. hope you next budjet phone very soon .
dont buy if you are camera enthusiastic , camera is the place where this phone will be requiring a good update , hope asus will provide camera update in future otherwise a good value for money
camera not up to mark , overall value for money
the phone is fast always has around 3gb ram free.camera has improved a lot compared to 4gb version .
camera &apos;s good.no heating issue till now.display is good as well.sd 636 is fastest in segment .
best at its class .
one of the greatest phone in his budget segment .
battery backup best fast to operate almost fabulous smart phone
the phone feels premium in your hands .
the pure android experience makes sure everything runs smoothly .
the humongous battery gives you ample screen on time and the camera takes greats shots with ample detail .
the sub-15k price makes it a great value for money device , provided it has the best mid-range processor available right now .
i would recommend it to everyone who &apos;s looking for a great device under 20k .
as per my point of view its a best mobile in this price .
asus were done really nice work on their product .
i have grey colour model of 6 gb ram , and really satisfied my all expectations .
phone is awesome 5000mah battery performance is awesome if compare to other handset .
fingerprint scanner far better than 3,4 gb variant .
speaker sound is enough for mobile it &apos;s provides nice and clear sound .
build quality is quite impressive .
camera quality is good i think that company get software update to provide eis .
overall not any complaint for camera .
if anyone think about buy then must go for it .
killer for all other smart phones .
everyone can buy with closing eye
received my phone within 2 days even though the estimate was 5-6 days .
so , kudos flipkart for the delivery .
and i &apos;ve spent over 5 hrs with the phone now .
good first impressions till now .
first impressions : great performance ; average camera , especially low light and portrait .
not as good as the rn5p imo .
but i already expected this .
user experience is fluid .
battery life seems very good .
played pubg on high graphics settings .
will update the review .
good finishing , bright screen , good batter back up and horrible camera , pictures are very average selfie is ok bt rear camera is really horrible experience
best android smartphone under 15,000
a great value for money phone .
just kills everything i throw at it .
pubg at high settings
excellent cameras on front and back .
it &apos;s not at all bad as people are saying .
fingerprint scanner latency is fixed
camera quality is improved through updates and they &apos;re still coming
don &apos;t think guys , just go for it
its just awesome and fantastic don &apos;t think and no need see any reviews and ratings just time waste blindly buy this mobile .
and last thank you so much asus and flipkart.all round performance 10 / 10 rating budget killer its true with my own experience .
little bit of camera issue with potrait mode which can be fixed by software update otherwise a must buy under 20k
phone is fast need improvement in camera
superior camera front and back .
best of the range of phone .
i waited so long for this phone
best phone at this price rate . love this new beast
under 15k bought this one
nice phone on this price
first of all thanks to flipkart for delivering so fast within 48 hours of ordering .
i have been using it since 8 hours now and the battery is just 30 % down .
thanks to asus for surprising me with free back cover .
guys no need to purchase separate back cover the product comes with a free back cover .
about camera quality i wouldn &apos;t rate it as very good but it is definitely good .
i got hundred gb google drive space for purchasing this phone .
mobile is really great i love
best phone in mid-range .
buy without any hesitation .
best phone in this range .
ignore negative views n reviews .
a very good phone definitely beats the redmi note 5 pro. happy to have it .
has a small bug that is it &apos;s multi touch which i am sure will be sorted by ota updates. thank u asus
this phone is awesome
flipkart delivery is very good and correct .
i booked my phone on 26 july at 12 pm and i got my phone 28 july at 2 pm .
awesome product at this range .
there is no issue till now .
front and rear camera are very good .
gaming performance is very good .
i &apos;m loving this product .
looks awesome feels awesome works awesome , camera needs to be better software wise , overall value for money
the phone is very good stock android based interface .
delivery before expected time and delivery boy was so gentle and polite. thanks flipkart .
simply the best buy .
one can not get a phone with all these specs under 15k .
best phone i have ever had .
just too good at this price point .
only disappointment is no gorilla glass protection no ear phone also .
nice product by asus .
provide battery manager app like other asus phone .
best mobile under 15000 .face unlocking slow process , and during download performance process is slow.battery backup average
just go for it and use a temperd glass
thanks flipkart for 2 days delivery
overall i found device value for money under 15 k
but on the very first day of mobile i faced some serious issues like : -
1. low accuracy of face unlock
2. after using it continuously for 4 hours i found some heating issues
i feel even after updating the camera on hardware level some serious improvements need to be done on software through ota update .
camera needs to be improved .
6gb ram . 636 snapdragon . 5000 mah battery. both sim card slots supports 4g
can &apos;t get better then this .
every phone has problems .
the problems listed for this phone can be ignored
awesome phone at this range
wow asus max pro m1 is awesome and it &apos;s a beast spectacular phone in this price range buy this and it won &apos;t disappoint
in this price segment it is the best product
gaming was awesome with no lag , no heating issues ( played asphalt 8 for half an hour continuously ) , better battery
fast delivery by flipkart in 17 hours
best phone under 15 k .
thunder fast delivery thanks flipkart
i am using lg g6 and brought this for my mom .
since she uses phone very less , searched for a non-chinese brand and zeroed on this .
observations as of now :
selfie camera is excellent .
battery as of now is good .
fingerprint censor works faster than my lg g6 .
same is the case with selfie camera .
i &apos;ll update after using it for few days .
ps : asus is from taiwan ( republic of china ) which is not mainland china .
go for it guys
good performance. value for money. asus need to ship with screen protector. because there is no gorilla glass .
awesome smartphone and flipkart service is excellent .
thanks to flipkart for fast delivery , keep it up .
worth with money and very good product .
some issue with the phone. it &apos;s taking 8 hrs to full charge. and asus has not come up with any solution .
think before you buy this phone .
a value for money handset .
improved camera in this 6gb version .
it was delivered on next day !
fast delivery by flipkart .
camera is also decent unlike said by earlier reviewers .
nobody mentioned about availability of zenmotion .
though it is a stock android they have given zenmotion which is great thing .
battery is best , nothing to say about it .
it &apos;s best phone in 15k , just go for it .
there are some bugs which are still in the phone such as it is not zooming in in rear camera portrait mode .
amazing phn in this range .
great camera , visual quality , battery backup .
i m loving it
thanks flipkart for fast delivery of my product phone is great but camera interface is hawkward pls improve camera for further updates
worth of money pam quality
owsome service. delivery boy quick service. thank you flipkart and asus company .
with below 15k it is the best mobile @ this time
but camera on # portrait # mode pic back side nothing will change also on hdr mode pic capturing will getting sometimes blurrr .
super stylish look , and body , super cam , battery
best mobile under 15000 / -
really good , value for money .
reasonably fast charging when compared to older mobiles .
speed is very good .
really really very good with this price band .
good mobile but in my phone portrait is not working
value for money phone .
awesome mobile value for money
grey colour is better than black
less than 24 hours delivery
very bad phone poor display quality irritating software completely dissatisfied
phone is nice. hardware is good but software needs to be upgraded. no live wallpaper supported. cant save profile pic on whatsapp using camera that time in normal mode. no eis no slomo no time lapse .
face beauty not working well. but it all works when u apply other camera apps .
bed camera nothing to buy and not refund and not exchange to other new phone
no extra blots which means only required apps are inbuilt
probably no other brand can compete this price especially for 6gb variant .
the mobile is too heavy and its aspect ratio makes it look longer ( less wide ) .
i have seen other 6.3 inch mobile which is much smaller in size and light weight .
un-necessary the mobile body has been made too big than the screen .
horrible decision of my life. mobile gets switched off automatically . don &apos;t waste your money
not bad for gamer who does not mind about the camera in low light photography
awesome mobile i loved it
also when i tried video recording no matter whether it was hd or in 4k it was not clear .
very low quality product hanging problem display blinking problem very slow charging
phone is full value for money but battery drains little faster without playing any games.like its a 3000 mah not a 5000 mah .
except that the phone is awesome .
sim removal pin socket is not inside the box . ( missing from ekart courier or flipkart ) .
waste of money. better to buy redmi note 5 pro .
first time brightness problem and second replacement in battery quick low problem
main problem in this set is camera , i have tried 2 different variant , in both while clicking , photos will be bright , but within 2 seconds , suddenly brightness will come down .
in gallery , if you open photo the same thing happens .
about battery performance , for 5000 mah , it should not performing as expected .
my oppo f3 4000 mah battery backup was performing nice than this .
i can say medium set , not that much good mobile .
considering the price of 14999 this phone is a massive value for money .
sd636 , 5000mah battery , pretty decent display and near stock android experience ( not to be confused with androidone ) is a pretty good package at this price point .
if at any point one can get this device for a lower price tag , then it &apos;s a great benefit for the user .
it claims it has 4k recording .
but it is not there .
you can &apos;t create secondary account of android .
which asus india says , it is on purpose .
they can &apos;t see its purpose .
they think they are brilliant than android developers .
unknowingly it is going into silent mode .
because of that i &apos;m missing lot of calls and i need to review calls every time .
updated software updates multiple times but issue not resolved yet .
front camera is 16mp but it is just number .
in low light conditions camera is very bad .
but back camera working superb .
but this phone second slim slot doesn &apos;t catch signals .
some times battery drained out .
but this price range this phone very aggressive .
charging very quickly 5000 mah just 150 minutes .
it &apos;s very big in my hands .
face unlock slower than usual .
finger print sensor working fine .
sound quality is amazing .
but there is no equaliser .
so you can download third-party apps .
the best phone you can get in 15k .
don &apos;t get confused in bad reviews .
except probably for its thickness , weight and camera quality which is not that great , the phone is reasonably good .
but these oddities have been well compensated by its jaw dropping price .
i bought it for its 6gb ram and its battery life which is perfectly okay .
for this price , you can &apos;t have an apple , so by and large i &apos;m satisfied .
always giving damage phone .
good mobile with good features but no good options
good camera , battery and sound
camera is very poor .
asus need to release a software update for it .
great phone this price
this phone has plain android os with no third party apps .
it even does not have gallery or photo editing tools .
asus should work in improving camera app and editing tools
excellent user interface.quicker finger print response.unbeatable battery back up.good camera.mainly even after extensive use the phone is not heating better than red me note 5pro.the only con if you count is it &apos;s speaker
well , i would not like to exaggerate but before i proceed on to pros and cons , here are my first impressions !
flipkart- simply amazing , they delivered my order in nbd w / o any extra charge ( other website charge ~ rs100 )
i have used only branded mobiles earlier , note ii being the last flagship used by me .
what a screen resolution- simply wow .
i felt am using a super amoled at first .
i &apos;m what you can call a power user to the extent that i i use a lot of apps and open over 100 + tabs ( with 10-20 active ones ) in the browser frequently .
i am getting over 12 hours screen on time ( without fb / insta / messenger or any games ) .
installed about 300 + apps with little local music / online radio / youtube activity .
my feeling is , automatic screen brightness could &apos;ve been a bit more reactive .
loudspeaker noise during calls feels a bit fuzzy .
great performer and battery beast for the price. but
camera not good as expected , as an upgrade .
hope that asus fixes this with ota updates .
no display protection , at least asus could have given a screen guard instead of maxbox .
no fast charging support , but manageable with charger provided .
verdict- asus has managed to give a value for money device. thanks asus and flipkart. my rating 8.5 / 10 .
it capture natural and realistic photos unlike others who will make you fair and soften your face .
display is great but i wish it had gorilla glass but yet its great .
got the phone delivered before the time .
this phone is worth the money
good product and value for money. delivered a day before .
nice phone with nice display
but small small bugs to be fixed .
for example , in front camera flash is not enabled , no font style change settings , no gestures and little bit more customization is needed for average users .
and one thing there is no gallery
no clearity of camera , it is like 3 mp not 16mp
vanilla android 8.1 is bad .
better to buy mi redmi note 5 pro .
since flipkart won &apos;t allow me to get a refund on this product i am thinking of selling it out just after using for 1day .
after using this phone for 12days , this is the worst phone for 15000 rupees .
camera app has a very bad ui .
quality of pics is bad .
the back panel of the phone near the charging jack is bulging out and on pressing it there is a sound of click-click .
this phone is very chip quality i got the phone on 2 nd november but after 15 days the phone is hang software problem and abnormal deth screen problem plz guys don &apos;t buy this phone .
i bought this phone on november 2018 end and feb 2019 2 times in service center .
flipkart service is good on time time product delivery .
donot buy this product , this phone have internet speed issue , voice not comes clear from other side .
i took latest 6 gb ram , but phone is very slow .
so my recomendation about this phone .
donot buy this waste product .
display quality not good as samsung j6 .
too big cant operate in single hand .
all youtubers made paid review
camera is not good in low light condition
my honest opinion is it &apos;s not worth for 15k
very good performance , battery life is superb , portrait mode. should. be improved. some times is working correctly and sometimes not. and in display rediss-yellow shades should be minimised .
bad experience about the product .
front facing camera flash light not working
i have got it today .
when i switched on the phn has hanged .
switched on / off key not working. what can i do .
memory card not supported 128gb i &apos;m very sad
i got faulty handset it is not able to detect sim and not able to connect wifi it not showing imei number after dail
# 06 # first time from flipkart i got faulty mobile
i requested to return the mobile
if you try to return your product , flipkart will not allow to do this .
they will call you and give you some unnecessary lecture and finally they will reject your replacement .
i am totally fed up by their phone call. why will i do troubleshooting for new mobile , why will i active battery saver option when it is 5000mah battery .
they were giving me nonsense idea for a new phone .
repeatedly i share my problems but the person over phone forcing me to do troubleshooting .
this phone is complete waste as well as flipkart &apos;s service .
i ordered this phone fingerprint scanner as well as charging works according to its own mood .
i put a replacement order too .
they tried calling me and also sent a guy to check but after that m still waiting for the replacement .
battery : nice backup can play heavy games b2b
face detection : better than ok ok
honest review atter 1 week use
2 good ram management
3 faster delivery by flipkart
4 pure android but contains add
1pure android having adds
4if you want to return product no refund
5back camera having issue like take yellow photos sometime
6heat sometimes after continue usage
7no slow motion recording
9dout in having 5000mh battery drains fast
review after 5 months : -
pros : - good battery life , display , no lag
cons : -mic not working properly since day 1 , no camera function , network keeps going off , though 4g but even 2g works more faster than the 4g on this mobile
waste of money . ram is 6 gb but it &apos;s working like 2 gb .
this is 6gb ram phone but this operate like 2gb ram phone .
it slows in only one game , lots of hanging problem .
2. no call recorder
no pei android 9 version
4. take phote after home key press again open cam its cam error message coming every time this type errors more there
5. daily 5 , 6 hours used after finger not detected when phone power restart after finger print censor working
6. when phone in shurt pocket when incoming call lift the phone in pocket call is automatic call cut every time
7. camera bad quality when zoom option
amazing product , using 6gb / 64gb variant and reviewing after 7 months of extensive usage .
amazing display ( could have been better with gorilla screen )
main camera is average ( can be better with better camera app apart from one which is there now )
selfie camera is lot better than other phones ( above average )
built is strong and durable
multi tasks runs without any issues .
no lags and hang till date .
disappointed by camera performanceb as was expecting to work it in low light by reviews here as well on youtube .
but it always tries to focus in low light and because of that i have problem taking perfect videos at evening or night .
or else this is the best mobile at best price till now .
got it for 12,000 on sale .
don &apos;t buy this phone , still on android oreo and last 6 months no update to pie and no updates bin near future , by real me instead
nice phone with nice price
if u does not care about camera then u can buy this .
it is fast big battery. works smoothly .
but camera boht hi bakwaas h. just 2 days i used this phone. want to sell this now with big price slashed .
anyone can buy from this 6gb / 64 gb variant which has 16 mp front camera. used 2 days .
i will sell this in 10000. any can contact me .
i want to sell my this phone just 2 days used
touch problem after using 5 month
very bad and worst experience with flipkart. often some of the programs are automatically activated like bluetooth and etc .
even we manually turn off the programs , it will again and again got turn on .
for that we have to restart the mobile phone .
then it will get reset to default .
and then sound doesn &apos;t work properly. sometimes the caller ringtone will come and many of the times the sound will not come while making call .
worst phone . touch screen not working and worst camera.within 2 months i faced so many issues this product .
phone is good but has some bugs in it asus updates are useless and unable to fix those problem for exp battery draining issue , camera blurr iffect probs
the phone is thick in size. and it is heated quickly .
better to go for redmi note 5 pro
not reliable product some trouble issues with display and flipkart not returning so finally wastage my money
i was using one plus 5t and this camera is much better than 5t .
only thing i am upset is flipkart took a month to deliver it and in the start they showed one day delivery then kept on changing delivery dates .
two day { forty six hours approx ) battery life with liberal use of 4g .
does not heat up upon 4g usage or while charging .
reasonably light weight despite massive battery .
good face unlock and finger print .
not expected level in features .
very good mobile , i purchased the the mobile under diwali offer , only con is camera is not so good , but you can download google camera , battery back up is also good , thank you flifcart for the quick delivery
problem with camera only. and sometimes the ideal battery draining is huge. otherwise performance is great
voice interruption for others
best battery life best phones speaker best ever
great phone in mid-range especially during big billion days on the great purchase .
i am not any specialist but a great phone for pocket budget .
everything is just great .
except for one thing .
the selfie is coming in mirror mode. i tried so hard but no option to fix it .
battery raja , nice performance , v good picture quality .
totally a all rounder mobile in 13000rs .
mobile looks stylish in black .
excellent camera features , satisfied with storage and ram .
it takes time to charge and battery is draining somewhat quickly , not sure it would last long .
overall worthy mobile for the acceptable price .
product not good .
replacement no way. very bad product.finger print not working .
only better think battery is good
# camera not good , immage detailing fine .
natural color in immage .
when immage open in gallery than immage open with little hanging .
# battery drained problem .
after full charge u can use mobile only 1 day like 3000 mah battery .
charging time is 2.5 to 3 hour &apos;s .
# some time bugs problem showing in application .
# contact app not good .
for vedio calling use 3rd party app .
phone display was not working after using one hour
excellent camera.looks pretty cool .
but problem with this phone is cheap quality hardware .
could have used beeter quality material .
so far i am satisfied .
camera quality is poor not up to the mark .
good awesome product i loved it battery performance was awesome , good camera , good performance . no words .
this is very bad android phone
very bad mobile camera is very poor and battery is very bad , i am not satisfied this mobile .
first of all the battery is excellent .
camera is ok and the performance of the mobile is good .
but the main thing here is lack of applock .
there is no inbuilt applock and the settings are very less unlike redmi mobiles .
that &apos;s the only thing which is disappointing and the mobile is worth buying at that cost .
having problem with camera and finger print sensor
automatically switched off and going silent
poor phone waste of money
don &apos;t but it when you buy .
you must to check all functions of the phone .
i &apos;m buy a phone and 1 yr complete mobile protection .
the phone is defective .
performance ok , display super , but canara quality loww
touch is no properly working
don &apos;t buy this mobile because day first of using i have facing huge problem .
internet is not not connected from last 18 hours .
i have changed the sim card , switch off on on , cache delet but internet is not connected .
don &apos;t waste ur money on this
bad and slow phone
don &apos;t think more . go for it . best deal in this budget. light weight , good battery , no heat issue .
i am happy to buy this phone .
pls don &apos;t buy this product , camer clarity to bad , sound is not good , all mobiles are coming with dolby , but this mobile is poor sound quality
charger was really bad 3hrs 46mins charge only 20 % increased .
few users give lots of good reviews about this product it may be true but i have said my own experience .
nice but screen quality is low
camera quality is very poor .
it &apos;s total waste of money .
i wonder how flipkart is promoting the sale of this product .
flipkart is loosing it &apos;s good name coz of such poor quality product by misleading the customers .
good to use for a long run
while calling opposite side person can hear my voice
read for full review .
first of all i thank to flipkart with such a fast delivery .
it comes to my place within 3days .
i purchased 6 gb variant cause i am plays lot of mobile games. like pubg , ros , asphalt 9 etc hd graphics games .
it plays all the games very smoothly and battery performance is very good .
battery performance is very nice .
easily lasts for 2 days with moderate uses .
with playing games i have to charge it every days .
finger print sensor is not working fine . , and camera interface is too bad please don &apos;t wast u r money .
camera quality is very bad and many of bugs capture
asus zenfone the best phone
but slow motion video function update fast
this phone is best phone i loved it is phone
but security on application lock
good - battery , design , display and software
area for improvement - sound quality , camera quality
bad - bluetooth voice call
phone is the best phone in this range .
specially the battery life ( i don &apos;t know if it can be improved in software update ) but 5000 mah battery should be much better. and the rest is perfect
this is a bit heavy in weight comparing to others in the market .
camera doesn &apos;t support manual operations .
skin tones aren &apos;t not appropriate on front and rear lenses .
forget about ois , even eis is not integrated after 2 company &apos;s updates .
except camera quality ( in low light only ) images are full of noises while zooming .
even after 6 gb variant , it hangs .
app stops working suddenly .
some issue with turn on / off mobile data .
firstly thanks to flipkart to good delivery .
and 1 day before delivery .
phone is looking very nice fingerprint sensor is very fast i like this phone thank u asus
over all mobile is good but only ui , u need to worry about
performance wise mob is osm
but lacks in some feature
doesn &apos;t have gallery file manager autocall recording some camera issues .
fingerprint sensor is bit late n battery seems 4000mah not 5kmah is drains lil faster
smart battery life , smooth operating , camera good both rear and front , but no gorila class its missing .
sound quality with headphones is not good .
the volume is very low and cannot be increased .
asus guys please take a note of this
now no problem . excellent work
fantastic phone at this price .
i was one of the lucky people who could buy it on the day of launch .
it &apos;s almost 3 weeks now hence can now write a genuine review .
specs are simply superb .
battery backup is fantastic and no heating problem at all .
camera is very good the front camera is outstanding .
i am not into gaming but use other heavy photo and video editing tools and apps , there is no lag at all .
camera is not good and flipkart service is very bad phone can not change or return total waste money
why display yelloish , other wise perfect
worst seller. worst product. hanging problem .
display is awesome and touch response good.camera is above average.no hanging issue.sound is loud and cristal clear .
battery last for 1.5 days with average it uses with gaming no lag in gaming performance .
overall satisfied with the product .
it has good camera , excellent battery backup , excellent display and when tounch to display it &apos;s smooth felling and smooth in stock android .
if at home screen and lock screen we set wallpaper like s9 plus it look like it .
recieved my order in 1 day .
back camera is very good .
selfie camera needs some improvement .
great product by asus .
must buy if you -
does on the go editing of pics and videos
need long lasting battery
need security updates regularly
dont need good camera
camera is the only con right now. but it can be fixed with software updates . ( but dont know when )
hit like if you find this review useful .
excellent mobile camera quality superb battery backup excellent love you asus .
thank flipkart quick delivery by flipkart great work .
this is an insanely performance beast available in the market at this price .
it has a battery which will last long ( obviously as it has an 5000 mah battery )
it will provide a great experience as it is packed with stock android .
it really worth buying .
display good but can be little more attractive .
battery not upto mark as claimed by company .
over all it is worth buying .
i have used this phone from last one week .
i just buy it supper delivery
it &apos;s really good phone i am really happy
after few months i will write another review
after 15 days i updated few pic of back camera
camera is very good but basic .
pro mode should be added .
image capture with fingerprint scanner should be added .
face detection is moody .
os is extremely basic and not much room for customisation .
phone is good but there is no type c port and no fast charging support .
they claim fast charge charging but there no any fast charger in box charger output is 5v 2a .
which is not a fast charger
atleast they should give 18 w charger .
size can be reduce .
it is not operate by single hand .
there is box for audio amplifie which is useless they should give earphone instead that box .
camera not have any eis or ois for video stabilization .
otherwise battery capacity is super
tolaly value for money .
6 gb of ram in this price is superb .
although other features is also out of the box .
excellent look. excellent speed. depth mode is awesome. just front camera with fingerprint sensor operation is missing , thus need to operate with hand .
flipkart venture ekart is quite slow. please improve
excellent phone but poor camera.thanx to flipkart for speedy and nice service .
the best you can get .
expected more that &apos;s why got disappointed otherwise good one .
everything is great only camera is not so great but its still good to go .
i am working 1 month phone was irritated because phone caller tune automatic silent , camera very poor , no updates .
nice product i satisfy to buy max pro m1 good battery good camera good display value for money
best value for money its way much better than the similar price tag redmi note 5 pro .
just now received this beast. camera is tooooov good to handle
in this price segment phone is good and as per expectations .
special thanks to deliveryman .
best vfm phone at the moment
first of all thanks to flipkart for fast delivery. i got product with in 24 hour &apos;s .
i would say that this is the best phone under 15k . camera battery display . ram mangament. everything is superb. if you have a budget of 15k than you can go for it without anydoubt . .
but only one thing i was expecting that bezel would be small .
apart from that phone is awesome .
no on going call recorder support , 2. no duel app option .
3. no internet speep meter 4 .
if your camera lover so sorry guys check out other device but over all its a great phone but ignore camera .
very bad phone camera is not to b good plz frns don &apos;t be west ur money purchase this phone at amt of 15k battery is charged very late .
display also bad process .
camera is very poor
feel bad with out head set with phone
camera error problems application open error problem
worst touch screen . don &apos;t buy
not battery life like 5000 mha really poor camara sucks really bad product please don &apos;t buy i suggest u all of don &apos;t buy
good phone specs for mid-range smartphone.i rated it 4 stars because i didn &apos;t receive headphones
this phone does not have
1 ) image stabilization technology for video recording
2 ) slow motion video recording
3 ) time lapse video recording
4 ) spot colour feature in camera for photography
7 ) no screen guard like gorilla guard etc .
13 ) dual band wifi so no 5ghz support .
14 ) dual app feature .
15 ) call record support .
this phone is very bed prafomemce so plz dont parchsing
all good but heating issue while charging , both adapter and handset get over heated .
if using more than 3-4 apps together got lag , display got lag for more than min
also tried for replacement but flipkart technical support is very bad .
some issues doesn &apos;t occur during their technical visit but on other time it occurs .
as my replacement issue is rejected .
this is terrific , bad flipkart support team .
camera result is poor .
battery although it is 5000 mah draining very fast .
you can not run internet of sim 2 .
no gallary , you have to download from playstore .
no auto brightness adjustment .
honor 9 lite is much much better .
i am suffered end user of this product , pathetic performance , since 3yrs i m a loyal customer of asus , this is my third asus handset and trust me i feel pity about myself for being brand loyalty .
even after having 6gb of ram performance is too poor , hanging problem , touchpad issue , poor battery quality , poor sound quality and over all this is lost making deal .
don &apos;t buy this product or else ur money will be wasted as if me .
even with 6 gb of ram this phone hangs a lot .
it creates problem in direct video calling through jio sim .
after an update , now i can &apos;t do video calling .
only battery is ok and other than that everything is pathetic.u will regret after taking it .
receiving network very slowly , touch is poor , clarity no , money waste , flipkart purchase this time i am fool , 10 days return policy to extend
only stock version. some common features are not available. i am not satisfy by this product. only goolge app are available .
dont buy it unless u play pubg on wifi .
number of network issues. network related problem will not be over .
i exchanged and still the problem persisted .
dont buy if you play pubg on 3g / 4g. heed my advice .
if u r buying this to play pubg
major disappointing is the zenphone os .
the phone could have been made more user friendly by giving out more options but zenphone os have been made limited access to such modes .
otherwise phone is just okay .
zenfone max pro m1 was a nice fone .
i dont know about the others , but what i am going to tell is my experience. after the last 2 updates the performance of the phone is average .
am using a 6gb vairant model .
1. battery drains little bit faster. almost 1 day ( m not a gamer )
2. after capturing the image processsing is very slow
3. sometimes facing some overall lagging issues .
4. i think i should have gone for redmi note 5 pro. believe me guys redmi is better than zenfone max pro m1
super phone nice more nice camera than redmi
super battery super processor amazing phone and nice and faaadu look
battery last for 16 hour with what &apos;s up .
mobile use to get hanged up some time .
as this is 6 gb ram but equal to 4gb ram of samsung mobile
battery ( without net 5 days / normal use 3.5 days / heavy use 2 days ) 10 / 10
front and back camera 9 / 10 and 6 / 10
display ( no gorilla glass ) 9 / 10
value for money 9.8 / 10
i am not satisfied with the product .
fingerprint sensor is not working properly and automatically my cellphone get in vibration mode when i connect my headphones with it. face unlock is not working properly .
i am really dissatisfied with the product which i purchased from flipkart .
this set is very very very bad condition display problem
phone very bad this phone just like 2gb ram workinh
i have a problem in finger lock.some time it &apos;s no work .
i am really sorry to say this , but my asus has a lot of issues .
be it software glitch or headphone issue .
very bad phone by asus battery drain problem network problem camera is very bad all things in this phone is bad
phone is good but face lock not working for low lighting
some apps not supported full fledged
tech visit person they don &apos;t know the mobile knowledge , flipkart is very bad , they supporting to seller side
wow asm. battery life 3days backup. then pure stock android . 6gb ram performance. asm then plz improve cam quality
got 2 android security updates from google on day 1 itself .
have been using other 3gb ram phones till now nd waited a long time for the 6gb variant for this phone .
well 6gb ram is very well managed .
most significant difference is how fast the phone boots up , heavy app starting time and also app installation time after downloading is in milliseconds .
i have really disappeared to buy this phone because it &apos;s name asus zenfone max pro m1 but there have no zen ui don &apos;t buy this phone
very very worst product products .
asus is worst brand i never seen any product like this. worst product and worst customer support .
one month ago i purchansed it .
it fall down on a sand sand ground slowly it was broken full touch screen .
worst worst worst product .
please don &apos;t buy this mobile this was worst product , i am use this mobile only 5 days camera failed , mobile auto switch off and hang , and now network not seen on this mobile
just replaced my ex phone xiaomi note 4 with asus zenfone 6gb 64 gb version. not impressed .
very simple feature in comparison to note 4 .
1. active notice cancellation feature is not there . you will feel as the other person is standing in a factory while using bluetooth in car .
2. no own operating system by asus .
for each and every basic function you need third party app that are usually full of advertisements .
3. very poor camera .
5. audio jack problem .
the returnt request cancelled to flipkart.the product back side lable is very old .
i think may be used product .
everything is good but coming to the screen it is very poor for ntg reason it was broken and there is no replacement for this even in ten days also
it is not performing as 6 gb ram .
please don &apos;t purchase this phone , l .
camera of this phone is also not good .
i &apos;m writing this review after nearly 10 days of usage .
nice price but not a nice device .
i am facing network related issues with jio sim , this phone struggles to get signal whare moto c + can get full signal .
facing issues with unlock .
when this device is little bit hot , then the fingerprint scanner is struggling to sence fingerprint .
if you have sweaty palms , then you will definitely hesitate with the performance of fingerprint scanner .
face unlock is not at all impressive .
fingerprint sensor is not effection .
it took atleast 1 second to unlock phone and sometime it doesnot work too .
don &apos;t buy this product. no security patches updated and worst ever smartphones phone
highly recommended. if u want to waste ur hard earned money so think twice before purchase .
only one fault is on the box they mentioning that it contains head phones but they did not given
not upto the mark as expected
compare to mi phones very less user friendly but overall performance and software / hardware are excellent .
i &apos;m using this 6gb variant for 3 days and writing the review .
battery capacity - 5000mah
stunning vibrant display and 2.5d contour glass
stock android and great performance due to qualcomm snapdragon 636 processor
rear camera is good .
camera quality is not upto the mark .
front camera is very poor .
front camera is equivalent to 8mp not 16mp
battery performance is poor .
i rarely use internet but it &apos;s not upto the mark .
there are many problems in phone fornt camera flash not working pdf not supported no ear plugs and the music box is just a cartoon box which only use a sensor to connect phone not enhancing volume
very worst phone i have seen .
no value for money .
no wall papers , no themes , i &apos;m using jio from 2 years .
the speed was so good .
after putting the sim in this phone speed reduced 100kbps max .
no galary , no themes no wall papers , no vivid display no slow motion video recording .
maximum things are not available .
very much heating issue , hangs up quickly for basic operation it is hanging .
battery also not so much good .
for normal use it drains in 20 hrs .
but when i face a problem at the beginning and negotiate with the flipkart customer care service . , immediately they reject the return request of this product .
it is the proof of a bad behavior , treachery , mean etc .
you goon.this comment is not for product but for flipkart &apos;s treacherous behavior .
the phone i receive is quite good and the other services are also vey excellent .
phone is hanging for pubg and asphalt i
once you put phone to vibration and then back to ringer , it stays in vibration mode ( though ringer is set to max ) and therefore ringtone or notification sound is not heard which is crucial for incoming calls and notifications .
i frequently put phone to vibration in office hours and this bug is freaking me out .
think twice before you buy this phone .
i don &apos;t know what &apos;s wrong with the camera while recording the phone gets lag didn &apos;t expected after having 6gb ram and snapdragon 636 processor the phone will get hanged no ies till now .
i hope it will get better after update till now disappointed with asus .
product is excellent but delivery is worst and worst .
super fast delivery with in 24 hours , product is ok but not up to the mark , build quality is worst
i got the handset within 48hrs .
but the problem is with accessories even not getting headphone and usb cable with handset .
only phone , silicon cover and charger in box .
the worst device i have ever purchased
dont buy this device
i dont get the charger in it and the camera are soo poor i cant tell you , and if you use snapchat , instagram and whatsapp stories the cameras are like s # ! π
direct video call is not supporting
ram capacity it not found anywhere in this phone
in comparison with mi note 4 , this phone doesn &apos;t stand anywhere .
features and functions of asus zenfone max pro m1 is 30 % of mi note 4
software is not heavy as mi note 4
i think nothing in this phone but waste of money
call recording is not available
camera is also not so good
replacement policy of flipkart is so poor
mobile quality is very bad
product is but some features is missing
2 alram not working when mobile is off
3 net speed is not seen on disply
4 bhoke mode not available
5 them are not available
6 asus security not available
7 screen shot not available
8 call recording not available
9 gallery not available
10 improve more camera function
11 ram free spece not seen on disply
after all this mobile is very good for any use
it has heating issues , it lags sometimes , battery drains very fast , i bought it 2days ago and it shows all of those problems so i will suggest you don &apos;t buy this phone
i ordered it on 30th of august recieved the product by the 1st of september it was running smoothly and fine and then unfortunalety it stopped working by the 2nd of september automatically .
the phone it on but nothing appears on the screen .
it just keep on blinking with black screen .
it &apos;s gives me haptic feed back of vibration when i hold down the power button .
i tried to reboot it but nothing happens .
the screen blinks with black screen again and again .
overrated and overpriced for a phone which provides camera comparable to nokia &apos;s 5 megapixel camera and battery draining out in a day .
only processing speed is the feature that has been true to their claim .
can &apos;t see data speed
doesn &apos;t have scheduled power on and off feature
if you switch off phone at night you &apos;ll miss the alarm cause it won &apos;t switch itself on for alarm like other phones do
sir screen clarity is zero my previous mob moto is too gud
dear friends if you are willing to by this phone then this are my reviews for this phone after the use of 15days
1 ) main camera : - is not able to take close up with flash on as apurtur can &apos;t control the light and photo gets all falshy
2 ) display : -is fhd + but colours feel all washed out
finger print touch is not working in camera .
gallery is not available .
music player is not available .
video player is not available .
dual app is not available .
call recording not available .
file manager not great .
totally shocked by absence of these grt n most basic features in sch a latest phone .
how it will compete with redmi note 5 pro which offers so mch .
this is a to much bad product .
it &apos;s a very good phone has all the specs which a true up to date smartphone would need .
the battery power is a 100 and the ram of 6gb truly a cherry on the cake .
it has it cons when it comes to camera but that can be overlooked through some apps .
it is truly worth your money .
both the camera are very good and the battery capacity is good .
it has heating issue
there was some problem and after updating the problem is been solved
but i don &apos;t like the max box instead of that they can give a wired headset
the max box was broken in a week
it does not have quick charging support it take more than 3hours of charging
and finally thanks for the flipkart for the fast delivery , it took 24 hrs to get delivered
best phone for gamers it has hdr + ultra option in .
after 1.5 years of usage the mobile got completely fried
camera is slow to click pic and delete.when we r scrolling up and down its stucking .
immediately i place return order .
after using 1,5y its a good phone
but sucks when it comes to updates but minor bugs
back cover good but it will gain dents with time
every feature works fine
and asus is good company and no service provider in india now sadly 2020 sucks
flipkart gave me a broken glass with it
asus zenfone max pro m1 is a money waste phone .
in 2 years of usage 2time battery damaged .
camera like 2k mobile phone camera .
very disappointed from asus .
1st 6month phone working bullet train and now like a snail
asus phone is worst phone ever .
after 10 days of use my phone is start automatically switch off and again same problems occur my sreen is showing black and i am not able to use now .
i dont understand what happened wit his screen .
i want transaction number for this purchase of asus mobile
good phone from asus
this time best option in rs .
good product for low budget
excellent mobile below 13000
good phone in this price range
super phone battery backup is good and good display and gaming king
writing this review after almost 2 years of usage and still going good .
i do not know why asus has suddenly stopped making and selling phones .
i have been using asus from 2013 and i feel the experience they have put on before launching a phone .
superb phone in this price range
good product within this price range .
only one feedback. screen class cover should have provided with the phone .
this phone is good but the network connection of this phone is bad .
i am using this phone from 2years but the network issue is not fixed .
camera not so good as mp .
battery parformance is so good .
i am impressed nice product
if you want to buy a product which will save your money and also give you it &apos;s best performance then this is it !
thanks to flipkart for the safe delivery .
this device is a beast , actually you can use it as you want !
it does all the work you need to do with a mobile !
this is the best product till date i have !
all over good phone in this budget thank you flipkart for great deals all time
battery charging time approx 3 hours , default gallery is not there and batter backup approx 12 hours .
real smooth usage. bought it on jan 2019 .
the camera wasn &apos;t as good as expected but the phone served its purpose .
thank you flipkart for offering this product , awsm i like it .
mobile have many problems with android update .
battery bulged in 1 year .
great pic by me
using since 2018 i have never faced lagging or hang in this mobile very nice product
nice mobile , using since 6 + months .
best phone in this price i am really satisfied withi this
happy but not very happy
after using this for one year , this is best mobile for everyday usage , and battery lasts for a day from moderate to heavy usage .
worth to buy as it is stock android and display is good
camera quality in daylight is too good but night photo quality could have been better .
nice product asus phone
love at first sight best budget phone with all required features standing o to asus
good phone used for 2 years upto now and still using .
2.good performance due to 6 gb ram
3.good battery life 5000 mah once charge can be used full day
3.less features compared to other phone due to stock android
nice phone in this budget but the only problem is the battery backup it not like the 5000mah battery
love u asus. lovely mobile .
good one its been 2 years i am using
good phone about all over performance
not worth for money
i have used my phone for 1year and now i &apos;m writing the review overall the phone is awesome .the camera is normal as compared to other brands rest is awesome
only eight months used now it &apos;s not working very bad .
very good product. mainly battery , cameras and it &apos;s processor 6gb ram. i recommend to buy it .
sound is very low
excellent battery backup and performance .
good for gaming and daily usage .
i have been using this phone from last 2 years almost .
best phone in the range .
poor phone with every hanging ui
best cell phone with great features at best price with best quality .
camera night photo is not good .
and capture after photo then photo light is low .
such an awesome phone , you cannot find a better phone than this at any rate .
i bought this phone for rs 15,000 but it is not worth it
wonderful cell phone ️ ️ ️
direct video call not available .
call recording not available
too much problems in heavy use .
i suggest this one for this price range .
i really disappointed for this mobile .
after 22 months of use battery get fully discharged and battery is totally not working condition .
in charging time mobile going to very high heat and fully charged upto 96 % only .
after charging battery going down 0 % within 2 hours .
worst smartphone .after one year use the battery is gone completely.service is also so poor that they it will take 2 weeks to get the battery replaced.i was forced to buy a new phone .
please never buy this.its total waste of money
mobile always going fast boot mode. very problem
just awesome handset. this is the best phone among all i used
i bought this 2 years ago and still using this as my main phone it &apos;s good to have this it &apos;s worth the price .
the battery is not up to mark
used for 1 year .
i was not buying it but my friends suggested this phone .
thanks to him very much satisfied with video quality , very good performance.camera is very good .
2 days no worry due to battery backup : )
its a good phone .
worked great even after 2 years
good performing phone in a reasonable price
it &apos;s not a good quality if tap double on screen than its zoom
good phone for day to day usage
bettary prob not work after 1 yr
no doubt excellent . must by
performance is great compared to other phones that were launched at the se time and at similar pricepoint .
however the problem is regarding its durability .
you will have to use a case or screen guard to protect this phone .
the phone &apos;s screen tends to break quiet easily .
and the problem is even with a small crack the phone &apos;s display tends to become unresponsive and eventually non functinal .
i am writing this review after 1year and 8 months of usage .
i am using this phone for more than 1 and half year .
1 ) best part of this phone is active voice cancellation during call this will remove noise from your background and receiver will not know where the hell you are . !
3 ) battery life really good .
4 ) good gaming phone : pubg runs smooth with 6 gb
5 ) durable : it fell like hell many times but no issue noted till now .
waste phone i ever seen , over heating battery drains fastly don &apos;t waste money to buy this phone
value for money phone of 2018
good quality product from asus .
battery failure phone waste and worest product
display is very delicate .
some times mobile gets heated up while charging .
overall good if you are not a heavy user .
very very very nice mobile
i just use 1 year 2 month and my display broke and nothing work properly it &apos;s bad experience for me
i &apos;m using this phone for 2years and it &apos;s performance is still good .
only in 9 months my handset battery is blossom , 1st time very bad experience with this product .
very very worst mobile i used till now .
i cant even explain about the worst features of this phone. plzzz dont ever buy
little to none problems .
good for playing games .
no heating issues , smmoth graphics
worst phone ever used by me .
had problems with it all along
worst don &apos;t buy this phone it works good only for 6 months then after u will hate this because of it &apos;s performance the phone suddenly strucks in the middle of the games like pubg .
please don &apos;t buy this one. this is honest review .
good camera , but poor processor performance as most of the ram cannot be use . because prossesor doesn &apos;t support it .as a result relatively lag and screen stucks while gaming frequently .
so dont buy for today &apos;s time . as it not stand in market competition .
asus very bad company
super good phone nice delivery filplart
no and never buy asus mobile phone because the does not provide a better update soo i request to buy xiaomi or realme phones don &apos;t buy asus phone
very bad camera and battery backup
performance is very bad
all of quality is bad
waste of money for this phone
camera quality is too low as price
main highlight of phone was camera but it &apos;s the worst part of the mobile
after 1 year camera &apos;s result is mind-blowing .
very good product , nice to use
best phone under 12000
great phone in this price.no heating problem during playing pubg game .good graphics.battary long lasting .
i was very happy and satisfied with the product .
so i decided to upgrade to asus zenfone max pro m1 .
after using for quite few days i felt in love with it .
battery backup is also better .
only thing i felt downgraded was the camera quality .
rest all is value for money .
budget phone with plus specifications
this mobile 1 year after automatically dead
screen got broken with small impact
the worsted mobile in the world .
nice product but in its software has many bugs
nice phone when compared to redmi note 5pro
nice camera to know more about camer please follow _ fallen _ a.n.g.e.l _
only battery is very good , hanging problem is more than others phone .
awasome product. after 16 month uses no complain . terrific purchase .
no hang , long lasting battery , very good camera. all good .
overall ok but it &apos;s display screen , glass whatever they have used is really really bad , i would say lenovo phone which i used has tough screen .
don &apos;t buy this phone
overall the performance of the phone is good
however there are certain cons with the product
to list some of them .
it requires to many clicks to capture a image and sometimes even the picture is not saved
the back button responds on 2 to 3 clicks
the fingerprint sensor is not up to the mark , it takes to much attempt to unlock
worst possible product from asus .
the phone is big zero in all aspects i would say , at least my phone which i received from flipkart seller
camer battery always super
really bad experience with network .
call recording problem not a good
good product and good service
performance is too bad .
battery life is worse .
simply waste of money .
i seriously suggest not to buy this phone even by mistake .
because once you buy it. flikart will not even provide you proper return policy .
i &apos;m seriously disappointed with this phone .
but i &apos;m helpless about it .
nothing to complain till now on 2020 feb 1
camera is quite note good .
performance is good till now .
very nice strong android
after usage of 18 months still it works like brand new .
it &apos;s my life partner
timely delivery by flipkart
worst purchase ever on flipkart .
the best phone at its budget
best mobile under 15000
value for money good product
nice product but after 1 years performance is low but battery backup is very good
ok. so i bought this phone in 2019 .
let me tell you my experience and the necessary do &apos;s and dont &apos;s .
1 ) do not buy an extra back cover separately because it comes with one in the box itself .
although it is not mentioned in the description of inbox items .
2 ) very rarely i experienced a bug which hangs the phone .
restart may fix it but a permanent solution is still required .
3 ) the pie update is available now but i still recommend not to update .
to much good battery performance good for gaming good camera good functions overall good product in small amount
prompt delivery by fliipcart
out standing phone in this price value for money good performance thank you seller and thank you flipkart
good phone for this rate , i am using for more than 1 year its working fine
worst product i didn &apos;t expect from asus like this
from 2018 october using this but still i am using this for 2 days without charging using for 5-6hrs a day .
ram management is great till know in 2020 jan .
the apk i left in background run for continuous 6-8hrs .
super busy with work
i &apos;m using this product for 1 year and got no performance issues .
i play asphalt 8 daily and still it runs smoothly .
i give the max details in my review .
on heavy usage too battery lasts 2 days to fall to 0 % .
perfect finish giving stylish look .
camera optimization is bad in dim lights .
no better features than older versions .
it doesn &apos;t have even inbuilt app lock , hiding apps , not much of personalisation .
god &apos;s product to buy but no android updates
very happy from the product .
all over this phone is good
writting this review almost after using this device for a year
battery backup was initially 2 days + and now it &apos;s down to 1.5 - 2 days depending on the amount of calls i recieve for that day .
initially disliked the camera as slo-mo was and is not available but the quality of photos in good lighting is just amazing the bokeh mode just works like butter in good condition light
now when it comes to performance this phone is still young as it &apos;s working exactly the same from day one .
i have been using for the past one year .
update in january 2020 :
though in settings it &apos;s not showing , the same is enabled automatically .
check the uploaded image .
further native video calling is enabled when both caller and receiver smartphone is capable .
this option automatically shows when both caller and receiver are on volte network .
worst product till my life
the mobile protection plan is useless
please don &apos;t buy this phone.for first three months , it will be good.after three months , it will start it &apos;s duty.there will be so many problems in phone.battery will not stand for 8hrs itself.please try another mobile
battery only usege no worth for money
not so much expectation
full damage . total lose
has a lot of software issues .
the display starts fluttering suddenly and to stop it i have lock the phone and unlock it and some times have to restart it switch it off .
cemara is not good
battery is super cool
useless camera and after second otg update battery is taking near about 5h of time to get fully charged .
back panel is getting scratches very easily so you have to put back cover all the time .
about performance : overall performance is good never experienced lag so far .
phone is awesome but the touch becomes unresponsive after the android 9 upgrade , it is not a hardware issue tho .
i managed to make the touch work by restarting the phone with pressing simultaneously the power key and upper volume key .
it has 6gb ram but have poor performance when compared with any .
but battery is draining if we keep it 🤔 🤔
very worst product don &apos;t buy it
this mobile was purchased by my younger brother and i was happy with battery performance .
secondly my dad purchased and finally it was my turn
happy with the battery performance and camera quality .
i &apos;m writing this after 4 months of usage .
good phone cameras are ok battery is good for one day .
touch is good ram is good .
it &apos;s a good phone at this price range .
pubg runs smooth not like apple. but it &apos;s ok. to play and battery is really good . this is a genuine review of 1.5 year old user . .
nowadays real me is aslo a good option .
i have been using since year lot of bugs but not annoying
1. sound is mute even not vibrate if you set manual ringtone on settings tab .
after system update issue resolved
2. u can &apos;t able to connect internet sometimes very occasionally while using wifi hotspot tethering to pc or phone but same time we can able to connect internet when we use usb tethering .
3. if battery dried phone may getting hanged ( i don &apos;t think so this would be expected for all smartphones )
best value for money .
battery performance is great .
owsm devise. worth to buy. m using 6 gb varient .
best value phone 6gb ram only 10038
its really very good
8 months since i purchased , everything is perfect and now there is a software issue which has come up stating your phone is corrupt .
how to get out of this ?
i like the phone but i didn &apos;t like the touch as it is not that responsive and sensitive
good product and cheapest price
this mobile one of the one
very bad quality of display got damaged in 1 month
bord complint after 1 year and 1 month
pro : you will be satisfied for this money. one year completed , still battery stands for a day and bit more .
con : accessories wont be available in the physical store
now 1year completed. awesome product .
gr8 phone and awesome experience with battey life and camera alongwith speed and display .
i have ordered 1 more of this .
extremely happy with the overall performance .
what i liked most is the sturdiness and battery backup
fabulous mobile and value for hard earned penny
good product and fast delevery
performance review , after 17 months usage :
camera - 3 / 5 ( camera and looks are the only 2 areas of improvement ) .
battery - 5 / 5 ( powerhouse ; runs at a stretch for at least 2 days without charging , if you don &apos;t play high end games .
i stopped carrying a power bank after using this phone ) .
processor - 5 / 5 ( never experienced any hung process , after having used for 17 months , but i use it normally , and not for high end graphics games ) .
best battery , very good camera , best processor and ram experience , value for money 10 / 10 , best phone after 11.5 month usage .
awesome packing great service delivered in time
1 ) front camera is not good
2 ) after 2 month shoftwere problem
3 ) after 3 month application off and on
4 ) after 6 month mobile automatically off on
after all mobile not good
this mobile not buy
signal strength is good .
weight is bit high
phone is good oveall .
however there is a problem with the headphone jack .
the volume automatically gets reduced and is very irritating as one can &apos;t listen to music and watch videos .
tried headphones from multiple brands
good very good phone
using this phone since july 2019 .
so far fantastic experience .
very happy with the product .
most reliable product ever
quality well and good
fingerprint sensor are not work properly in some time , superb device in this price segment .
fingerprint sensor does not work after a period of time but thats ok. face unlock is there .
not batter than others because u can &apos;t do direct video call
not that good phone , sharing experience after using 1 year
really good at this price
after using for 1 year it &apos;s battery backup has gone down by almost 90 % and also battery has swollen
1.network signal strength is very bad .
2.camera quality is not satisfactory .
launched date price was very high .
nice mobile i like it
good quality of display and camera featers are best
best value budget phone in the price range .
have been using it since an year now without any issues .
thanks asus for this wonderful budget phone
hanging issue , big hanging issue , within 6 months , internet lags , camera sometimes has issues , battery drains too early ( not as shown in videos )
excellent mobile 5 star
very nice mobile in this peice ranges .
feel happy to buy this product .
fot this product i reviewed after using 1.6yrs.
there is no issues i found in product .
feel free to buy this .
a superb phone with superb speed and a very very superb battery
real it &apos;s very good mobile and value for money
worth to the prize.everything is good .
battery back up is exelent .
phone display damage please change
very good good quality good performance everything is better
battery backup is good but camera is average
good product good service
very nice product good packing
it is not user friendly and lot of default options are not available
i bought this phone on being suggested by a friend .
the battery holds on for a day , even after heavy usage , high graphic gaming included .
pictures get blurry in low light .
the display is a standard one .
the debate was between redmi note 7s and this phone .
i &apos;ll say , if you want a better camera , go for redmi .
however , asus fares better , overall .
this phone is suitable for those searching for gaming phone under rs 10000. it has good battery backup , for a single charge i got around 32hrs of backup even after the mobile data was on for the whole time .
but the camera was very bad during night .
apart from that it is good phone under 10k
after one month of use i don &apos;t get any version update its very disappointing .
and this phones finger print sensor is very slow some times it &apos;s not working .
but it &apos;s not a major problem .
when i restart the phone then it works normally but after 2 or 3 days of use it again working slower .
don &apos;t worry it &apos;s a software issue only they can fix this by software updates .
after 1 month use i have only this two problems nothing more .
let &apos;s discuss about everything of this phone
front camera very bad
phone is worth the money , flipkart has delayed delivery several times and has been troublesome with delivery .
not at all recommended .
i have purchased 4 asus mobiles .
but not at all satisfied with this one .
need a replacement although returned period is gone .
have been using the phone since last 6 months , camera is awesome .
wonderful performance. just go for it
runs high graphic games smoothly .
battery backup is low considering 5000mah capacity .
full charge takes time .
after a year , it takes around 3 hrs to get fully charged .
camera quality lowers down in the dark .
during bright light , camera quality is excellent .
sometimes heats up during gaming .
exchange product a new mobile
for 1st year it works good , then it &apos;s showing multiple issue , just like battery discharge , performance issue .
i am using it from may18 and till date it &apos;s working excellent .
must be the best phone in the price range when compared with the features available .
heavy in weight but that could be bearable , the worst thing is its accessories , even its tempered glass and back cover not available in market and can be bought rarely even on online too .
very disappointed with the service .
there are better options available in market with the lesser price than it is .
phone is good but there is problem with its battery .
battery issues i faced since i bought this phone .
it &apos;s been only 6 months since i have bought this phone and it &apos;s already glitching out .
excellent battery backup , performance , i think best mobile within this range
finger print scanner is very bad .
do not sense finger print immediately .
oftenly scan fingerprint very late or when pressed forcefully .
after 1year battery backup performance is very poor
after using 1 year there is battery problem .
battery will drain within fraction of seconds and blowing backside and camera quality is very bad , there is no proper software update from asus .
i am not able to use properly because battery issue
high fps drop and unstable network connectivity issue in pubg .
recommend only to normal users
an excellent phone with stock android .
please remove the bugs except that everything is great .
overall this is good .
but my charging time is increasing before completing 1 year .
black spot appears in my mobile screen. which disappointed me the most .
still 1 year not completed .
picture quality is good .
great buy at this price point .
very good sound quality .
camera ok , but night photo needs improvement .
overall thumbs up for asus
i am very unhappy for total performance of this device
the phone keeps on hanging and now the phone is not responding .
it doesn &apos;t switch on .
after 1 year of usage still no lagging observed .
camera is above average .
other than camera all other features still giving equal competition with the newly launched mobiles after 1 year .
bogus camera , no gallery
very good but cemara just bad
bad product , camera quality not good .
selfie touch not work properly
my suggestion is dont buy this phone
no battery life , low network coverage , overall good and value for money .
more than 1year i use this mobile .
stock android ( easy to use )
battery ( long lasting 1 and 1 / 2 day )
aluminum body ( standard quality )
camera ( decent camera )
display ( very sharp )
speaker ( sound quality good and crisp )
best for this price
camera picture quality bed
very high quality for camera and having high speed performance
voice is not heard
after using the phone for a year , i can say the battery has been disappointing .
otherwise , the phone is good .
phone is not a bad
this phone has a strong built quality
charger faulty after 3 month
finger print scanner stops working frequently .
best product but low briteness
display and some software type issues other wise amazing mobile
good mobile in this price range
best choice for every one for mobile users .
it is a good phone
average , not bad but not go for it
it &apos;s a really good mobiles. battery back up wonderful. photo image too good .
i have purchased two pieces this mobile . really value for money .
it &apos;s been 1year and still working like boss .
you can &apos;t unlike this after one year even .
i m happy with my phone
comparative to today market . is is outdated
this is wroest phone
1 ) battery and display good
1 ) speed very slow .
not upto the mark as per hardware configuration and which they claim .
2 ) finger sensor sometimes not works properly
3 ) earphones not provided with phone
the phone is superb but if you don &apos;t like to use stoke android , don &apos;t but it go for mi ( redmi )
now i want to tell you that the accessories is very bad quality only 3month your data cable definitely off . i purchased data cable 3timesfrom their showroom but always it not work after 2-3 month no warrenty claim .
camera is very bad for compare to other it &apos;s not like 16mp like 8mp only . no gallery they provide the blure image shows always .
good product for value of money
my new phone is not getting charged with the charger even after 5-6 hours .
the batter goes out within one day .
4 days of use .
phone works like a charm .
no issues till now .
everything else is the worst in class .
awesome phone in this price point .
its an excellent product and flipkart delivers it very well and with good packaging and without and problems and issues .
if you are thinking to buy it you can trust me buy without hesitations .
its is dhamal i bought 4 for my whole family members
everything good except few cons
1 ) little bit heavy weight
2 ) ear phone point coluld be above rather than below
this is an awesome phone .
completely satisfied on every front .
i intentionally bought the older model when m2 came out
everything is great except , i use 3rd party camera app which works great
i &apos;m buying this smart phone 03 oct 2018
now 18 oct 2019
after 1 year later still mobile very well and good condition i &apos;m impress very with this smartphone
i am using this mobile from past 4 months.really good
battery backup is very good , battery life is 2 days or more on normal usage
5000 mah battery draining in 2 hours .
very battery bad performance .
facing problem everytime updating the system update .
nice product. value for money
awesome and reasonable mobile than other smart phone
after 1year 10 days my 6gb variant mobile battery damaged .
using from 1year and buy another one .
it &apos;s the best phone with such a good configuration .
really value for money and recommended to my friends .
but now there is very good competitor for this phone .
so now asus should come with some more competitive configuration for new phone .
what i have noticed about asus phone that it &apos;s not compatible with my jabra wireless bluetooth headset .
phone got delivered on the 9th day i.e 17th oct and the order was placed on 9th , ( one day after the committed date ) .
so , 1 star to flipkart for such pathetic delivery .
but fantastic phone. on all parameters. camera , sound quality , call quality , battery , worth it at this price of 11500 / - 6gb ram variant. thanku asus .
wifi is getting disconnected again and again .
tower reception is very bad .
don &apos; buy this phone ( 1 ) bad sound quality ( 2 ) bad camera _ _ no slow motion option , no time laps option no panoramic viue option ( 3 ) 6gb ram then hang .
i was using an honor and feel like i am back to stone age with the asus .
no doubt it is higher config but the things i can fo with my honor are unimaginable with the asus
this needs an update for camera and bluetooth problems a lot , apart from this everything &apos;s good
dad of mi note 5 pro
the best mobile i ever used , after using it for one year heavily.till now no problems.love asus
looks good and handy .
wonderful product , it is very use full .
camera quality is poor than same range of xiaomi phones .
apps close suddenly , run time error .
slow processing with any hard use .
doesn &apos;t justify the price of above 10k .
perfect price perfect product
device died after a year .
nice phone in this range
so bad but ok
i have been using this phone for more than 9 months .
what i like the most is its battery life .
you can play high quality games as well as online gaming too
super fast charging and camera quality is also good .
no lagging even after multitasking .
even it supports reverse charging too which helped me a lot .
very good battery life and performance .
average product at good price
at this price this phone is good .
excellent condition after 1 year .
it is excellent product .
very good packing mobile is very nice but brightness is low .
this phone doesn &apos;t have a gallery .
you have to install one from playstore
except this everything is fine
this is a nice product .
heating issues generated after around 10 months of usage .
but , got it right from the service center .
camera is not that good as expected .
extra 5mp back camera is not working with 16mp back camera
and picture quality is not good enough
but my phone battery is damaged in 13 months .
it have only 12months warranty .
all are fine working but some time main speaker not working on main but working upper speaker on that time .
it has enough battery back after using all day internet , you tube continue listening music online yet its battery lasts around upto second till night .
brilliant for this budget
superb mobile , more value for money if the display is better .
never hangs , timely updates .
overall a good purchase .
but although i purchased 6gb version , performance is just as 4gb only
unbelievably poor performance with lots of issues. never thought asus will make such devices .
awesome camera details 🤫
writing this review after 3 months of use .
very good phone , best 6gb variant in up to 20k range .
camera could hv been better but other features are very satisfactory .
awesome speed n transition very smooth .
look n feel , wo derful
charger and battery poor performance
well and good mobile
everything is good but after long use heating issue generated .
after using 6 + months its performing with full satisfactory
good product only for average use battery is awesome but not good for multitasking it will lag after 5 to 6 app open side by side and gaming experience is just average
this phone is really outstanding. fantastic mobile phone ever seen before .
16 + 5 back camera are very worst not value for this money in this mobile
there is difference to operate other android phones
value for money and getting updation automatically .
everything is good except the mic. because of too much noise cancellation our voice itself considered to be noise .
good price in budget
i like it very much
nice very good product
product is not reliable .
please dont go for flipkart mobile protection plan it is useless and waste of money .
best in price and product quality is good
excellent phone in this range , also got update of pie from oreo
advice no one to buy this device .
nice phone speed is too good
getting regular updates. and that &apos;s a good thing .
after using it for one year it is working well .
awesome product value for money
great phone i like it
my asuz zenphone max pro stopped working all on a sudden after one year .
can &apos;t turn it on
good product at this cost
front camera automatically beautifies ( uglifies ) photos. charger is charging the phone in 7 hrs after 8 months .
the phone is best , only one problem , not record facility inbuilt mi
i bought this phone 4 month ago .
within this budget , this is best phone , specially i like battery performance which is so good
just once the touch not worked but after going to care it was sorted out.amazing product good for our daily use .
its a request never buy this phone i am using from past 1 year .
this phone is useless .
you don &apos;t get any proper timely updates l , lots of bugs , heating issues , battery drainage etc .
awesome phone best in everything
awesome in price range
but there are so many bugs
phone is good but , camera is not good
nice but not nice
nice low budget 6 gb ram and nice pafroming very fast access good
good one for gaming
value for money. battery performance is good .
mobile camera is low quality but battery pack up and mobile using is good smooth
very happy to buy this mobile. but some irritated with screen guard. otherwise very good
nice piece of phone but camera is not so good if u r camera lover than ull be dissatisfied .
it would have been the best phone in the segment , if it had the basic water resistant coating.its really gets weird in heavy rain.the speakers doesn &apos;t work properly during high humidity.other wise a nice budget oriented phone .
the phone is really very good .
this is the second time i &apos;ve ordered this phone for a reason which is it &apos;s value for money that is the special point of this phone
being a heavy duty gamer i wanted a phone which had a hell load od a battery backup and a nice camera as well
i &apos;ll give my review as
5 / 5 for overall build
it &apos;s been almost 10 months without any problem .
processing is also fast enough .
it &apos;s a good choice for the people searching for a budgeted phone with good configuration .
phone is to good
good hardware , but poor software updates .
it was great but there was a problem with camera the portrait mode was not working since last 1 year .
otherwise cellphone was great i am using since last 1.3 years no heating , no hang , no any other problems detected .
do something with camera .
camera is nice charging is toooo good
good product . nice parformance
have a lot to praise .
but , unbeatable phone at this price .
processor is top notch
no lagging at all .
nice phone only display light problem sometimes
best mobile in this price range
all the features are great .
i have problem in fingerprint lock
otherwise a decent product
i wish asus sort the problem for the future costumers
very pathetic experience with this device , flipkart is not trust worthy for this purchase , a good android phone .
but camera lacks quality both front and back cameras .
good in looks , slim and easy to carry .
battery is good , fast charging with original charger .
since i &apos;m using from a year not a single glitch witnessed .
camera and performance should be better .
camera ( video / camera ) qty not best at night the only bad in this product .
pub-g can b played best in this phone battery backup awesome .
worst phone i have ever seen. network issue , main board gets damaged every month , i.c problem .
not even a. single day i have not faced problem .
i would highly recommend not to buy this phone at all .
if you purchase this phone then purchase it at your responsibility .
service is very very very poor .
worth phn in this price segment
this phone my full family using super phone
u can use it in a y condition or climate
great phone 1yr completed
software is the only downside .
and battery life isn &apos;t great due to bad optimization
awesome thanks for flipkart fast delivery and also thanks to asus make a very special phone like max pro m1
a good product from asus
the best phone that i &apos;ve used forever .
i use 1 phone per year .
i bought it for last big billion day but it &apos;s the only phone that have withstood my rough handling .
recommend to those who are handle carelessly
i am very satisfied with this mobile phone .
this is one of the best purchases from flipkart .
but flipkart makes me fool by exchange offer .
i had old redmi note 3 .
that phone have only one scratch even you didn &apos;t notice .
the delivery man try to find out that scratch for a long period of time .
after that , he denies taking that old phone .
otherwise , all are good .
three-star for flipkart &apos;s service not for the product .
asus zenfone max pro m1 is awesome phone , never lag and the battery is marvelous .
been using the 6gb ram variant for 1 yr now .
apart from camera ( u can install gcam pretty easily ) rest of the things are really really good .
pics frm gcam showcase the true power of this phone &apos;s hardware .
near to stock android ui keeps things pretty simple .
the ui is light on resources yet very functional .
ram management is a bit aggressive .
apps like truecaller which need to stay alive , they restart after a while .
phone is not handy and bigger in size so i personally dont like that bigger sized phones .
battery life is good , camera is fine , sound quality is nice and performance is good
overall if u like big phones then u can go for this one
body is robust and strong
awesome phone at its price range .
i would say the best one
pros , great battery , great performance.cons , poor camera performance especially the front camera , both front and rear camera pictures aren &apos;t good at low light conditions.overall performance not bad .
the phone camera is bad
camera quality was upto the level value for money
cannot find any panorama option available
asus is best smartphone ever
a good product in sense of battery and performance .
camera quality is not that much fine but due to it &apos;s high ram .
it supports high application support .
the camera is awesome .
excellent phone in this price segment
11 months usage -
there &apos;s no other phone that has everything like this does .
even max pro m2 or asus 5z or 6z miss some basic stuff that this phone has .
some of the loveable things about this phone :
-the battery will last a day , no matter what you do !
i left bluetooth on for about 5 hours straight. it drained to 15 % from 65 , that &apos;s ridiculous - i happily listened to songs as i went home , with battery saver on .
pathetic phone. gets bad and bad with every update . # fakeasus is cheating people. first and last asus phone for me .
phone is not so good as it &apos;s configurations are , sometimes it is charging fast sometimes not .
there is bug issue also.camera is also not so good as 16 mp .
it &apos;s not look like 6gb ram processor .
it &apos;s been an year i am using this phone .
no lag till now and battery backup is good till now .
only issue i faced it is that there is no option for video calls via volte vial phone dailer .
so i need to diable volte and use jio voice for video calls .
very nice picture and camera super
good product value for money
an excellent product within such a budget .
it has got an excellent battery backup .
best mid range device ever
excellent fast speed no any issue facing till now , camera has very decent photo shot but not great. it must be improved from software updates .
battery is beast. one of the reason to buy this .
built quality is great. a lot of toughness
sd 636 processor with ddrx4 ram which is faster than it &apos;s competitor .
very very very good product and this phone is marvelous performance
no words monster battery
super battery backup , good performance , camera quality is ok
finger sensor is not working properly
not satisfied with camera
if you want the performance then it is the best in this budget but if you &apos;re looking for camera , this will not be the one you &apos;re looking for .
very slow and , performance is very bad good value for money
poor display broken while keeps in pocket
performance not as six gb ram mobile
app and memory management not good
not value for money
unable to use jio video cal facility .
poor finger print sensor
worst phone i ever had .
only good thing is its camera .
otherwise everything is frustrating .
the display is awful , broke easily .
love the phone but not the bugs that all i can say
very very good phone
v.nice mobile phone in all respect. thanku
supper phone ever seen best phone for all activities and best gaming phone
awesome mobile at 12k camera is good , performance is great , battery backup is very good , and the built quality is great .
after used one year also have good performance .
not good touch and screenshot and gallery or other
smartphone features are not available
even 6 gb ram phone hangs very often without any heavy app .
not call recording option .
one of the best is long battery life
after september update , no complaints .
i was expecting the phone after 3 days but the has come faster .
2 days after the order
best in this range
aftert using one month it starts troubling like automatic switch off , screen error , hanging , some times launcher error , some times it behaves like broken like lines will come on screen , some times it goes to sleep like we can &apos;t use any button or option
i use this about 1 yr very good battery backup and good for pubg
battery is showing error reverse charging , and not getting charged .
over all very bad handset
i m kasem from india kuwait mobile is good
very bad front camera
just a couple of months of useage .
happy with the phone particularly the long battery life .
fingerprint unlock does not work at times and audio recording not too good .
nice reliable is confirm
awesome mobile for this price range
just two months sensor out. plz don &apos;t by asus mobile. not worth for money
i like this phone .
if you like hit the button .
awesome phone with best battery back up and camera
its a nyc phone
this phone camera is awesome .
good product and value for money
if you are gaming freak then in this price you wont getting better than this .
it has a bigger display and nice color it .
true 5 stars for performance .
i have 6gb ram version but still lacking in pubg .
screen too normal or weak .
speakers are like china phone only jazz .
fingerprint sensor ka reaction time very slow about 2 sec .
cable is also too bad .
good mobile at decent price range
sprb mobile and nyc camera
the speaker got disturbed after two months
not good , not bad. average .
within four months got damaged .
display not working. touch problem. and accessories will not available offline .
best quality phone at cheap price thank you flipkart
i like this too much , as i am using this from last one year , no hanging at all , battery life is super 2 day &apos;s for normal use .
camera is also super .
i &apos;m using 6gb version. performance is really fast .
this is a great phone in this price range .
battery backup is very good .
the only disadvantage is to there is no fast charging support .
image quality is good especially for 6gb version
great phone for this budget ️
my mobile suddenly off than not on .
i am happy with this product
we can trust asus .
it will be good if asus give updation for camera stabilisation for better performance .
overall good n value for money n built quality
simply waste of money. no any own app by asus.all apps are from google.even contacts , massage , calender etc .
only brand used by asus and nothing else .
it is inferior than asus zenfone 5 which was my earlier purchased .
amazing with 6 gb ram .
this is after i added google camera on my max pro m1 .
performance wise i wud give it a 3.5 / 5 after a good one year use .
the stock camera app is garbage .
but google camera does the justice .
still doesn &apos;t hang after one year .
worth phone in this range .
a nice design and well built body .
software and interface looks good and fast .
battery backup is good .
camera is average.i will suggest and look for some other alternatives in this price range .
nice fast and awesome phone
it was too good
absolutely amazing phone thanks flipkart for early delivery
problem solved but twenty days not quick
it &apos;s kind of ok phone , battery and performance wise it &apos;s really good .
display is good as well .
disappointed with its camera software .
slo motion is not available .
there are some bugs which they have not fixed even after multiple update releases .
you can &apos;t swipe down on homescreen to open notification panel .
2. when you unlock phone with finger it still tries to unlock with your face as well and makes a click sound .
good phone at a price range of 12k
good battery , good storage n ram n stock android
lags in pubg , bad camera n bad fingerprint response .
nice delivery by the boy
good mobile after 1 year of use .
except battery everything is use less
i have been using the phone for over a year .
the battery stays for over a day and does not heat up at all .
the performance of the phone is awesome and switched through apps hassle free .
had no major issues till now .
camera is decent and takes fine pictures with depth and other modes .
timely android updates are available .
they also provide a boom stand for the phone in the box .
the volume of the phone keeps changing after each update .
its a very nice device in this range
best phone and best price
battery backup is very high
one of the best budget smart phones .
awesome battery backup and ram management. camera is also good. display avg .
best in the segment .
this product very bad
battery is dam good and very good phone at this price
battery is not lasting enough
superb product. in my view .
performance is very good
good but cost is much than other mobiles
good device. value for money
value for money , exceptionally well performance , camera not the best but better than other phones , screen is also one of the best .
video quality is very poor
my real statement regarding this mobile . i am having 6 gb 64 gb variant . but i face alot of lag and screen issue .
this phone worth the money with it &apos;s features .looks goods. camera can be improved , battery is very good .
affordable phone with good features .
i am using this phone 4gb ram 64gb varrient from 1 year till now i have not faced any kind of issue in this phone
i used this product single handed .
it just got dead after 12 months .
i got very bad response from the phone .
i have to buy a 2nd phone within a period of 13 months .
full wastage of money .
no one is taking responsibility , flipkart and asus both disappointed me .
my 15000 rupees got wasted .
it &apos;s a value for money buy .
but the problem with the camera is worst .
some automatic filters works really bad .
after 6months of usage .
battery life is really good .
display works very good , no scratches after rough use ( important : not used screen guard ) .
worth buying if you don &apos;t bother camera .
check eyes on the below pic .
asus is best product and due to warranty card our phone is safe
it &apos;s value for money
do not purchase this phone .
i face some complain on this phone .
some of options on display like ∆ , o , &#91; &#93; , are missing sometimes .
after restarting my phone missing options are displayed .
sometimes internet not working when i restart phone and internet is working .
so every time phone need to restart !
ver y good mobile
great phone with great performance but u will experience problems with your finger security after 1 month .
really good the best mobile ever because it gives you all the quality which you needed in 2-3 phones
sound quality is very bad
if you dont like asus then try this you will love asus
it &apos;s a great phone .
flipkart services are exceptionally good .
no direct video call
after 2 months of usage it started to frequently restart .
4 to 5 times a day
performance is very good. but the display is not working sometime after if we restart
this phone is only waste of money don &apos;t buy this phone
good mobile and sound quality amazing
camera quality is average but the battery backup is really nice .
after few months of usage fingerprint sensor doesn &apos;t work properly .
even after having 6 gb ram when you work with multiple app the phone hangs and the screen blackouts .
superb phone , i am very much satisfied with its performance , battery , ui , camera , and of course storage and ram .
its about to be of 8 months , yet i have not encountered any major issue .
best phone with this budget but u now not so worth of price with new launch
at this cost asus has really touched a milestone with the configuration the phone holds .
camera performs well in daylight as compared to nyt .
product is good , camera is normal and battery performance is supb .
but it &apos;s late delivered , anyway thanks flipcart team for good delivery
face unlock never worked since i bought it .
now from may 2019 , i have stopped getting updates .
so many bugs already in software .
i have bought this phone a month back .
the phone is good in all perpective .
specially the battery is super , it lasts 2 days almost .
the only thing i dislike is the speakers output and the weight of the phone .
phone become power off camera switch done on
nice mobile with decent and good specifications
battery is long time
best value phone ever made
excellent product , good battery life and fast performance
how to take screen shot from this device
good product i buy this product one year ago still now it &apos;s good
worst product i ever buy .
battery doesn &apos;t last all day .
they all make fake promises don &apos;t go for this product don &apos;t waste your money .
fantastic phone like battery is awesome
don &apos;t go for this
very good phone for gaming and battery life is asowsome .
you should try it once .
very good product at all
it &apos;s for who do
good looking good performance
incredible phone in such a price , people go for megapixels but often get trouble by performance.this phone is awesome .
call recording is not inbuilt
real a bad phone after updates by asus .
mobile was very good and interesting
nice but , this ph has not raguler update
happy with product but. asus still not able to fix network issue in this. making me struggle to connect internet or even mobile network becomes weak .
really good. i &apos;m satisfied. i bought this for only playing pubg for more time. i &apos;m completely satisfied daily because i am playing for 6 to 7 hours non stoply with smooth gameplay
this mobile has the best performance , good ram at this price ranga .
purely monster , great phone in 6 gp ram segment .
5000mamp battery long-lasting , very good for mobile gamers .
sometimes , no option to attain the incoming call .
ringtone is playing for incoming call but no option how to pick the call and attain .
i &apos;m very happy with this product
very very very very very much good product 10 out of 10 marks
nice phone and worth for money
mobile signal ( network ) not capturing .
very bad and poor to catch the signal .
best mobile for this budget just go for it blindly super mobile .
working good nice services by asus
excellent mobile for this price. the battery beast. juz luv it .
such an amazing product .
worst camera , sometimes fingerprint and face unlock won &apos;t work .
instead of fixing bugs they just introduce new bugs .
all needs are done
wow , what an amazing piece of expert technology
budget phone got for reasonable price happy buyer
such a great product
not for heavy users lagging and heating issue not satisfied with the performance overall even small games lagging
bad product after my purchase of just three months phone has problem .
phone has automatically on and off how can i solve my problem please solve my issue
performance is very very poor .
don &apos;t buy it as asus made this phone for bug testing .
only bug is being updated
you should think before buy it .
camera results are very poor .
low budget best mobile
i m happy with mobile
screen brightness is low .
you have to keep brightness setting on high to view the contents .
picture quality is not like a 16 mp camera .
no video call function is given .
you have to depend on third party app .
call recording feature is also not available .
but , of course mobile runs smooth as it has 6gb ram .
only problem is that i have to go 5-6km to get the delevery from my home .
they don &apos;t deliver at my given address .
coming to my phone which excellent in every way. no lag , little heating issue , didn &apos;t get android pie udates yet .and after three months of usage i got android pie update .
good mobile , low price 6 gb ram
mobile phone is awesome and thanks to flipkart to deliver this phone shortly .
such a nice phone in this price .
camera quality is good considering the price range .
battery backup is beyond expectation .
4g internet speed is too good .
only display brightness is a bit low as compared to others , but that can be ignored considering other performances .
don &apos;t pay attention to negative comments .
just go for it blindly , surely you won &apos;t regret .
but improve delevery process
nice product i &apos;m totally satisfied with asus m1 pro 6 gb ram .
but do not give updates .
it will be bad .
flipkart for nice delivery for me .
no issues since 3months usage .
games like pubg and other high graphics games work awesome in this .
battery is life is very satisfying .
with minimum usage it works for 1nd half to 2 days .
astounding piece of art
after mite than 6 months usage experience .
1 ) speaker sound quality poor
3 ) camera below average to poor .
users not advised to take photo any photo in low light .
don &apos;t expect sharp crisp and clear image even in sunlight .
camera is real low end .
not meant for heavy games
5 ) multi tasking not so good
6 ) cheap hardware used .
after pie update don &apos;t getting exact battery back approximately getting only 3000mah
my second mobile , both running fins .
camera - best ( need good software like cameramx )
battery - very powerful ( 2 days with moderate to heavy internet )
sound - loud and crisp ( clean for songs )
os - all applications running smoothly .
i am using this phone from last two months
no merge option for duplicate contact ( skype , duo , google , whatsapp , . &quot; displaying multiple contact list for one &quot; )
no inbuilt video calling option ( for video calling we have to use separate app like : duo )
sometime hanging problem ( when we restart the phone or removing charging to phone )
of course android version 9 ( not having latest features )
battery backup is very very good .
a good phone in value of money but need to improve it &apos;s camera quality
nice phone for gamers and a decent look for office work .
all in one phone
data is very less
it &apos;s worth for this range .
excellent phone with highest configuration in its price band but software updates need to improve .
its so fast , performance is nice .
just say subrb. camera awsme. and battery is suprb. my 2nd mobile choice only from asus bcz cam and battery .
it is very good item
this is not asus phone total difference inbuilt programs its no inbuilt call recorder and no asus apps like note and camer qwality not good and phone is very bad perfome hanging
this come for lot of problems in mobile it &apos;s not a good product
you &apos;re not 12 full month this product works excellent .
camera we can use google camera application its excellent image and colour reproduction .
battery and sensor would be better
what am buy now this one only .
previously 2 mobiles are good .
. it &apos;s rebooted. sorry. i don &apos;t .
want this mobile. it &apos;s not support my job culture .
good product in this price range
takes much time to capture photo
the worst phone for money
not supporting video call
no heating after constant net surfing .
not checked for gaming .
great phone under 11499 it &apos;s camera is great but it &apos;s system is not great ilike it &apos;s battery is good display is so smart
nice mobile in budget
i purchase 4 to 5 phone of this brand , till date no any issue .
product is best but delivery boy are too argumentative .
best phone for 11,499 / -
and best camera camera quality is good
i have been using this phone since a long time now and i am say too much satisfied with it .
this phone is my first asus product that i have used and i am absolutely satisfied with this .
the display is absolutely love and everything else .
good configuration @ economic price .
not even a year old , it is lagging in every aspect .
camera is the major draw back and the worst you can get .
only positive thing is the battery backup .
i am happy with this phone .
camera is just ok , slo-mo not there which is disappointing , and display screen is very week , it fell just once from my hand and screen cracked from several places despite having the screen gaurd above the glass .
needs camera optimization overall value for money mobile
i have been using this phone for last 1 year and i wanted to give an honest review of it .
the best thing about this mobile is it &apos;s value for money , if u want a phone with good features with less price this one is for u .
1 ) battery is good and long lasting without battery saver and charging is fast
2 ) 6 gb ram at this price is really amazing , i play pubg without any lags
3 ) i can use apps editing apps like lightroom or photoshop vey smoothly
this is not about the phone but about the exchange policy of flipkart .
i was to return a phone tht i was using .
the delivery guy found a extremely small gap between the body / cover of the phone and the aluminium beading of the phone and rejected the exchange .
i really thought this is a sham and an excuse .
shall think twice before buying anything on flipkart
excellent phone i have been using iphone pixel i can say asus m1 is excellent phone no issues since last one year
perfect phone with this price great bettery quality is excellent
camera quality is very bad
the phone is as good as new even after 1 year and its feature are awesome .
the speed of the phone is awesome .
camera quality needs to be improved a bit
best delivery and best asus product
this phone is asowme
very good phone but camera quality is not much effective
so far its good. purchased 3days back. at this price its very good product .
it cost me 10800 / - total , including 800rs of 1 yr physical warranty .
this mobile is best value for money
very good product , value for money .
not as good as expected
the phone is facing too many issues just after 10 months of purchase , i got the motherboard changed after that problems don &apos;t stop .
this mobile very bad
it &apos;s not a worthy phone for price .
poor camera. rainbow colours on zooming in .
camera performance on zooming an image .
camera should be improved .
battery backup is awesome
camera not dual only one asus chit one camera
its display is very smooth , running easily
excellent battery backup .
nice one value for money
very best quality products i am purchase 3rd time this smart phone
worth to buy of it &apos;s specifications .
have some disappointments in it &apos;s finger print sensitivity now .
camera hasn &apos;t any options like slow mo , panoram etc .
but quality is cool .
having so many updates .
clarity of pictures is nice .
i have bought many phones including samsung , sony , panasonic and nokia .
however this phone is a complete masterpiece with all the best features combined in one mobile phone .
worst mobile phone i ever use .
after using 1 years this mobile phone malfunctioned two time in year and sevice provided by service center is also worst they take one month for repairing of this phone .
on off button malfunctioned 2nd time .
there is no positive review for this phone after using one years .
battery dies so quickly when ever i updated this phone .
capacitive touch on off button so insensitive i used to touch multiple time but this phone unresponsive .
after using this mobile i found it only 1problem that we can not use both different sim mobile data only single use as 1 sim not 2nd
ovearll all in one package for guys who are searching for a budget phone
stock android are awesome
just in 7.5 months battery drain is super fast and charging time long .
asus zenfone m1 pro
although the battery back up is high but battery consumption is also high .
the display quality is great .
the performance is above average .
no major software bug till now .
overall it is recommended
simply superb but camera clarity is not good .
good threemonth use no issue
thanks for flipkart good , i nee for further details
asus zenfone is best of all phones
very bad product by asus and no help from anyone for return also .
good mobile , introduce in flipkart best mobile
stock android + 5000mah battery + snapdragon 636 + 6gb / 64gb in this price range = an awesome phone .
worth for the hard earned money .
this is my third asus phone .
good delivery and thank you flipkart for this good quality product
after first two weeks battery not respond very much 5000 mha battery after you using internet and location it &apos;s may be going to 9 to 10 hours .
very good product .
camera is a slight problem but overall performance is quite good .
i received this phone on 2nd august 19 and used it up to 5th august 19 .
during this period it was quite well but in the morning of 6th august 19 when an incoming call was ringing then i watched that there was no display on the screen .
point to be noted that during this short period i never mishandled it or took it outdoor .
i tried to switch off it but failed to switch off .
very fast delivery is good amazing product good battery backup i like
a nice phone with good battery backup , nice full hd + display , awesome camera performance with 4k dci and 4k uhd video recording and average performance with snapdragon 636
battery is no where performing like 5000 mah
nice mobile low price
the hardware is good but the software is very bad .
the phone hangs a lot and also shuts down automatically .
the software experience is too bad that it doesn &apos;t feel like that this phone has such a hardware but feels like a 6-7 k phone .
don &apos;t buy this phone .
go for mi etc .
best phone under budget
overall performance is excellent. camera quality is not too gud but fine .
overall value for money product
good worth for money , i am satisfied with price and mobile
it was the budget killer it is the budget killer it will be the budget killer you can play pubg hd graphics what else you want to know about the performance
after 10 month of use it has no merits. only cons .
1.direct video call not available , u have to use what &apos;s app. or fb or google video call
2.some times. it &apos;s earpiece and speaker stop working .
3.i have got 6gb ram and 64 internal storage. still it hanging up
worst display glass i &apos;ve ever seen
better phone in lowest price .
good product i buy it again
nice and valuable super phone
not worth for the money .
even vivo low end model is better than this .
am not satisfied with this phone .
the phone is too good value for money
best possible phone under 12k .
you shuld buy if you yo have budget of 12k .
got 6gb ram nice blue colour .
sd 636 and 5000mah battery perfect balance .
good buy for the price
this 2nd asus zenfone max pro for my uncle .
6months i have purchased it for my brother and this time with fully satisfied heart
very very good mobile and very fast mobile
i bought two phones .
really great for this price
mobile appearance and audio quality wow.worth for money .
not fair expect more
i bought 2 within my family and suggested 4 friends to buy .
all are happy with its functioning .
this mobile is packed with good cameras , battery , dual volte , stock android .
wr also get a portable sound enhancer , a rubber / silicon damage proof cover .
flipkart &apos;s service with this device is excellent , especially quick delivery .
i have been using this phone for 8 months , the only issue i experienced is non-functional finger print scanner at times .
i needed to restart the phone to tackle this .
good i love dis
it &apos;s a very nice product. worth of money
all things is good but mobile camera quality is not so effective .
it &apos;s been almost 1 year with this phone and still this phone superd the only problem is the update asus please push update security patch update is needed .
some lag it &apos;s obvious almost 1 year but still great phone keep providing value for money phones thank you .
mike is not working properly
it doesn &apos;t have some extra features. only ram and battery is main key feathers. apart from other. nothing &apos;s new or unique
in time delivery thank you flipcart
the only problem is that there is no pie update
expected full screen images display .
this phone is budget gaming beast .