Terrible customer service. They first mention that return is easy etc., Then when you go to return an item - they expect you to ship the item to their warehouse else you're stuck with it. The worst is their Customer Support agents. They are the worst! They will sound polite but they are trained to not help you and go on and on with the customer support spiel in the end leaving you frustrated as a customer! Don't shop with them! There are more options and better options available in the market.
Disgusting experience. My Mobile number was suspended and I couldn't redeem my supercoins. I used another number to get the otp and all my coins were gone. I reached out to customer care and they had the same sentence on repeat 10 times. They didn't bother to actually resolve anything. They simply said it's all gone. What's the point of using the app for years when you have an actual problem and they don't bother to assist you in any way. Great way to retain customers!
1star deducted because of the update about the product when in transit. After purchasing you can't check where your product is but one day when you will be out of home surprisingly get a call to receive the courier. Another 1star deducted for the late delivery. They take 10-15 days to deliver. Otherwise the user experience is good, you can get your expected style, low price than the local store.
Myntra used to be up to date with return policies. I never had faced issues with return or exchange items. But the new AI interface is pathetic. I have placed a return request which is now over 1 week. Every time i check in the app, the return date is getting modified. The "chat" option is of no help as pre defined questions by AI are not falling into the category of question I want to ask. Didn't expected this level of unprofessionalism from Myntra.
Mytra offers a seamless shopping experience with an extensive catalogue and a user-friendly interface. The app provides excellent customer service, ensuring all queries are handled promptly. Their unbeatable discounts make every purchase worthwhile. Shopping on Mytra is truly hassle-free, from browsing to delivery. Highly recommended for a top-notch experience!
I had horrible experience with this app. I ordered multiple times through the app and every time they cancel my package just by telling some internal issue . I tried by multiple accounts but the problem remains same. And their customere support system is even worst. They never told me the "internal reason". every time they tried to convince me to order again and again.
Love the App, have been using it for years now. I have an issue with one of the recent features of the app where while scrolling the app for styles, suddenly music starts to play from one of the products and there's no way I can stop it. It's an annoying update, especially embarassing if you're in a public space & using the Myntra app and the music starts to play loudly. I request the myntra app team to look into this issue.
It's the worst shopping site ever! Whenever you Firstly they will send wrong products and to put it for exchange from app, they will again deliver wrong product(different product). To exchange second time...you will have to get on call with customer which is another headache and again they will ship a wrong product(different size).So you will constantly in loop with wrong and following up . At the end you will be frustated. They are terrible. Please consider uninstalling the app
A pathetic app. I just checked in the 'Orders' page, and it shows nothing. I had multiple completed orders previously, and one going on. Nothing is showing up in the app. I got a shock seeing that if the order was placed or not, as I wanted that dress urgently for a function. While connecting customer care, the order shows up though!!! The genius developers and company added 'take a personal loan' option rather than fixing the 'orders' page!.
It has been my favourite platform for years now. I loved the collection and product quality at myntra is good . But my experiece from last 2 months was really bad. Pathetic experience with CS team. I placed a return request, and after a struggle of 3 weeks and 2fail attempts, the refund is declined saying the item is not tracked at their warehouse. The status of the app is declining day by day. Horrible after sales services. Extremely disappointed. Not shopping from here in future.
God I hate this app so much. I have been using Myntra for months now but the last order that I made was such a big disappointment. The tag of the dress was not attached to it and it came separately. I did not like the fit so I applied for return but the delivery guy refused to take it. I have contacted customer service so many times and they always say that they will revert within 48 hours but there's no response. And it's been 4 days already. Don't waste your money on this app.
This app is so bad I would pay premium on stuff instead of buying from here. Got incorrect product on my first order, returned and then reordered it. Guess what , still didn't receive the right product. The help center is basically chat bot writing the same thing 10 different ways to avoid giving you a refund. It's easier to delete the app and forget about this, myntra can keep the money.
I placed an order on Myntra and paid for it, but after a week of waiting, I found out that the order was canceled due to a glitch. When I contacted customer care, they confirmed it was an error. The problem is that the items I ordered were on sale, but now the prices have doubled. It feels like Myntra is taking advantage of the situation. Very disappointing and frustrating experience.i wasted my time
I placed an order for a specific product, but when it arrived, it was completely different from the image shown on the app. The quality was poor, and it did not match the description at all. To make matters worse, when I tried to initiate a return, Myntra refused to accept it. The delivery person denied the exchange, claiming the product did not match the original
I received a completely damaged product and have raised a return request several times, but each time my return request gets canceled. No one comes to pick up the return, and the request is canceled directly. I've talked to customer care multiple times about this issue, but they aren't providing a proper resolution. When my call was transferred to a senior associate named Sachin, he disconnected the call. This happened twice without providing a proper solution. This has been my worst experience.
The products they show and the products they diliver are different. For a single product I have received different product even after exchange for 2 times.Waste of money and time. Fooling customers buy showing offers. Never expected this from Myntra. Totally disappointed with the app. Please don't order from this app and waste your money!!!
Horrible after sales service, intentionally not picking up the product upon returning despite reaching out to the customer care multiple number of times and then they say that the 14 day window is over and don't even entertain any queries. Conplete waste of time, energy and money. The quality of the app is declining day by day. Extremely disappointed. Not shopping from here in future.
Ordered an item which said it can be returned within 15 days. Unknowingly I applied a coupon which said noreturn. After getting the product, I felt like I should return it, but I see the return option is not available because of some stupid coupon I applied. Felt like a trap for me. Not a really good experience.
First of all, i received the wrong product, and then i applied for replacement, mentioning the reason that I received the wrong product. After approval, replacement has been canceled without my permission, The reason told me that we are unable to process, and we attempted the delivery 2-3 times... but actually, not a single attempt has been done, and the product has been canceled. No any email and massage communication I have received regarding the same
In online shopping, size vary brand to brand, and color shown are much brighter than actually, so it is really impossible to get product that you imagine while purchase on delivery. So this style exchange option is little handy to pick another brand and product. I hope Myntra will try to come with some AI based online trial option as well. It will help the buyer to try product online as well. I hope technical team of Myntra will understand it and work on it.
I buy stuff from this app almost every week and now this seller sends me a completely different product from what I ordered and Myntra says they shipped and delivered the right stuff. And there's no way to escalate the ticket. Wow! Not to mention that I had to respond to about 5 different support agents for the same issue. Just wow! At least give the details of the vendor and logistics partner so the consumer court can be tapped.
I loved this app. But they have recently introduced platform fee only for those items which can be returned. For every order charging platform fee is very annoying. They should at least refund this amount to wallet if I do not return the item after delivery. I stopped using myntra.
Myntra is an exceptional platform that seamlessly connects users with a diverse array of products, making online shopping a breeze. Its intuitive interface and robust search functionality ensure tha finding the perfect item is effortless. With a wide selection of trusted sellers, competitive pricing, anc convenient payment options, Myntra truly stands out as a premier destination for all your shopping needs. Plus, its commitment to customer satisfaction and security guarantees a worry-free...👌
Awful application with awful product management. Ordered 3 items, and 2 of them are wrong. Gave them for replacement, both replacements delivered were wrong. One of the product was not replaceable (got tricked into using a coupon that mandated that only exchangeof that product was possibleand not return), so managing with it. Another product is completely different size and design. The replacement took 9 days to be delivered. Even after that, the product delivered was another wrong product.
Worst appp ever. I returned the product but I have still not got my refund. Worst service ever. I am never going to buy from Myntra anymore. Their customer care support system is also of no use. They can't solve my problem. I have been asking for the refund for last 15 days. But still I have not received it. No response from the company. Just pathetic. I would recommend everyone to not use this app. I had the worst experience with Myntra and now I will switch to some other platform.
Convenient online shopping app with many options but lacks AI scrapbook feature where we could upload our picture and select clothing to get an idea of how it would look on us. Even though Limeroad has a scrapbook feature, it does not offer AI Photo upload. This would be a great value addition to the app as it would be the first of its kind providing virtual trial room experience that will be extremely useful for customers.
I've been using it for a while now and I'm consistently impressed by their lightning-fast delivery. I've ordered from other platforms like Amazon and Flipkart, I have also paid for Amazon prime Shopping addition, but Myntra definitely takes the cake when it comes to speed. The app is user-friendly, and the product range is amazing. Keep up the great work! Amazon and Flipkart is Below the average
I recently had a fantastic shopping experience on Myntra, and I couldn't be happier with the service! The website is user-friendly and offers a vast selection of products, ranging from trendy clothing to stylish accessories. The detailed product descriptions and high-quality images made it easy to choose the right items. The order process was seamless, and I was impressed by the quick delivery time. The packaging was secure, ensuring my purchases arrived in perfect condition.
I've always liked to order from myntra but now when i try pay online, the amount is deducted from my account yet on the app it shows payment failed and order is not yet confirmed and when the order is confirmed it shows cod. I tried to contact myntra agents but they all are busy everytime and chat assistance is of no use in my matter. I also mailed but there was no response. I don't even know what to do now. My money is deducted and now ive to pay another time for the same order.
Very bad experience with orders,I have placed order it got cancelled by itself . The resone they put( unable to deliver) it was on discount now if I have to reorder I have to give full price and more over it is out of stock and all my order are delayed .very much disappointed ☹️
Are you making fool of your customers? For what reason are you charging the platform fee when your platform isn't working in a proper manner? I added 4 times in cart and total payable amount was ₹1341 when I initiated the payment through UPI I received the notification for ₹1390 for the same 4 items. I did realised when I made the payment. This is utter fraudulent activities. Now people have to calculate manually to check if you are charging the correct amount. Is that so? I want my money back!
The delivery executive picked the product but didn't mark it as picked. Myntra's resolution said without the sms confirming the return was picked they can't do anything. I have the photo of the delivery exec picking it and him confirming it on a phone call, but they don't want to check these proofs
I am thoroughly impressed with the quality and service provided by Myntra for feminine attire. Every item I’ve ordered has been perfect in terms of materials and sizes. The colours have remained vibrant even after multiple washes, with no signs of fading. I have had no reason to complain and consistently receive five-star service. I couldn’t be happier with my shopping experience on Myntra.
Very, very poor experience with Myntra. Wrong product delivered and even after uploading the pictures and details of the wrong product and numerous calls, Myntra refuses to refund the amount paid. I have cancelled my other orders. Very disappointed. Not shopping from Myntra again.
Very bad experience first time I used this app for shopping but I'm very disappointed with Myntra service. It has been more than 10 days but they have not delivered my product yet even it has reached to my nearest delivery centre. I'll never recommend this app for shopping.
Pathetic app! They send u wrong product without tags and then they will exchange product instead of returning it.. then u will be again given a stupid product. Best thing is stay away from this app. Never buying anything again. The customer care agents are insulting and will make u wait for 17-20 mins and then cut the call.. most worst shopping app. Meesho is much better in terms of service I feel now!
Myntra is really a worst app.. I ordered a dress from myntra and I didn't like that so I requested for return and pick up was done after 2 attempts but I didn't get the refund amount and when I contacted the customer support they told me that the product doesn't reach their warehouse and they can't help me with the refund... So my suggestion is not to shop in myntra.. As myntra always gives a worst experience..
Absolutely horrible shopping experience. I ordered a product more than a week ago but theyve been continuously delivering the wrong product. Thrice. A delivery agent has been to my address THRICE (not including the first time that the product was delivered) to exchange the same product and I've been receiving the wrong product EVERY TIME. The incompetence of Myntra's team is incredible. Never ordering from here again!
I've never had a good experience with Myntra. Won't be bothered to try it ever again. Customer service is pointless. Return and pickup facilities are out of place. Packaging is not up to the mark. There are many other options for online shopping. I'd recommend don't give this one your time.
Low quality, Fake products are being delivered now. The tags on clothes differ, on neck side its saying "all about you" and over waist side tag it is some other brand. The tags are missing now. Quality check is definitely not done. Bad customer service. While putting a return request, they cancel it from their side. In this time of so many online shopping apps coming up, you cant tolerate this. Soon going to uninstall this. Worst shopping app
One of the fraudest Custom care ever seen. I recently order shoe from this dustbin app. Delivered product size was not fit and exchanged size that also not fit. So I requested return.. Since the delivery agent has not contacted me and he has not visited my place and put simply Quality issue. Regarding this i have raised ticket in app for four time and it was in open issue and atlast they closed issue and cancelled return. Suggest not to prefer this waste app.. Will loose money in wrong item
Really bad experience from Myntra . There are lots of app are better than this app. I have order some important things from Myntra and they are delayed from they promise date .. not even 1-2 days after registered several complaints they are even delayed now more than 4days. Your money will stuck don't ever use this app. Highly recommend.
Great App and Great collection of clothes as compared to other competitive apps. Discount, timely delivery and great customer service with quick refund process. Not going far when we have got Myntra by my side. The style Icon's choice for life.
Recent days Myntra is not delivering good products. It was my go to app for shopping but in recent days my experiences are very bad. This year I have returned almost all the items I have ordered. The colour is shaded or fit issues.
I just loved the available collections and their exchange services. But my recent experience was really bad. I placed a return request, and after a struggle they don't know the reason for the pick-up failure.
Myntra app is a terrible app, when you place an order it will show the date, on what date it will arrive, it is the fastest delivery, it is 2 days express delivery, But it gets delayed every time, I myself placed 3 orders, every time it has arrived a day late, and if you talk to customer care they will say ma'am/sir I have erased the ticket, don't worry your order will be delivered on time, But it doesn't happen sometimes, every time it gets delayed by a day, Myntra please improve this.
Initially the order's were delivered on time, now the order's are either delayed or not deliverable at the same adress, the product that was delivered at one address can't be exchanged at the same address, and also myntra itself CANCELS the order which I have placed without my concern and say's they can do nothing about it. They have no solution for the problems that occur from their end.
My experience with Myntra has been pretty good so far, be it on time delivery or a wide range of products Myntra has got you covered. Even the UI/UX is so seamless. Great work! Can't rate anything less than 5 stars.
I had ordered footwear from the app which wasn't delivered to me n didn't get it's refund till now. Have been contacting the support staff n they just keep delaying. The delivery guy didn't confirm from me if I want it or not he himself cancelled it n was requesting me to tell him some OTP to cancel it. This is first time having this kind of issue.but it's so disappointing from Myntra's side that they keep delaying the refund process.
I was enjoying the available collection on myntra until the last one. I placed a return request on 7th July, return picked up on 8th and till date even after 2 weeks i am waiting for refund. Customer care keeps on extending the maximum timeline by 24 hrs every time they're contracted. They have no information to share why you're not getting your money back. 3 times return call request was placed with the case manager (supposed to be highest authority you may contact),not even getting the call.
Don’t buy products form myntra i ordered Deewa Shirt & Skirt Co-Ords set. When i ordered this product then its price is very low beacuse of myntra sale but after ordering price of this product is increased. In my myntra tracking its showing delay status and then product is moving my nearest city to another city and this happening 2 time for same place then suddenly message coming your order is cancelled. This is totally waste of time and not showing real product delivery status.
Worst experience ever!!! Got a product worth 12k. 2 same products delivered on COD, 1 kept and 1 returned and now they say they don't have any record of the one I have!! Now they expect me to find the myntra box from garbage with barcode. How the hell you dont have any data of a product delivered by your dealer???
A very bad service. Being an elite customer I have no proper response from customer executives. I had to return an item the loop number they tagged to the product was incorrect. Delivery partner rejected the return for more than 4 times and asked me to contact customer care ! I did contact customer care for more than 5 times they ended up telling the loop number will be shared and the return will be picked up within 2 days. The delivery partner did reject the product again since it was incorrec
The customer support is just worst the guys out there are talking rudely and saying only the same thing on repeat even the delivery system of them is the worst among all the shipping apps available After this sort of experience on one item I have uninstalled the app directly
This app has been a life saver on many occasions. It had delivered on time and had made my life a bit easy. Also, it gives you hassle free services including easy return, replacement and early deliveries. Even, when you face problems regarding order or anything, their response is very prompt. I would recommend this app to anyone who is listening. Not only this but its interface is also way better than its competitor app. So, if you are planning to order from this app for the first time, do it.
Very waste app shopping site I have ever seen. Very bad customer care service/support. Delivery is very bad. I have ordered 3 items worth approx 3k still not received. Their customer care have no where it's been. No delivery boy were contacted me but still it shows daily out of delivery and and in the end of the day it shows delivery failed. If you ever order any item never do prepaid. You will not receive any item on time. Very very bad experience as a customer ever seen
Myntra asks for feedback on purchases, but refuses to publish/approve, when the feedback is on delivery, packaging or abt myntra. The quality of the products on myntra are not up to the mark. The hit/miss is a luck factor. Myntra can work on this for a reliable customer shopping experience.
Have ordered many things from Myntra and had given them 5 stars before but now I want change my review and give them 1 star. My order was delayed and not delivered. After raising and issue through the app there was no response. Called the help centre the executive couldn't get my details and asked me to call after 30 minutes again...I want to cancel my order and get refund. The app says they are still verifying my order to give me refund... Verifying what?
Myntra has lost its service quality. I have placed return request on 27 June and it's 10 August and till now they have not yet picked up the product. They are constantly revising the pickup date and Whenever I call them they say wait for 24 hrs we will update you but till now I have not received any update. Worst experience.
Myntra Delivery Service has become bad to worst. The Flipkart service which goes by the name Ekart are running a scam by purposely delaying or making fake delivery attempts if you have got a product in good deal and then later after multiple fake attempts they cancel your order and refund the money so that they can sell that product at a higher value. Experienced it twice. Planning to take them to consumer forum, if anybody wants to help, your most welcome
After one year of this review,not at all happy again with you,the amount shown while I started the order and the amount supposed to be on my card is different, thought of taking help from the customer service,the amount jumped by 200;the answer was price is dynamic,it's so flexible that it increased in fraction of seconds?they didn't stop their attitude of making fun of customers and cheating as well.showing one competitive price to lure us and a different one in the final payment Can't u stop
Worst and if any other word rather than that I recommend that suits Myntra. I have purchased huge order of 7 products which includes OnePlus 2r earbuds of 2pieces I got 5 products delivered and didn't get the earbuds while reaching out to the customer service they raised a complaint twice but no resolution I got they are telling me that ear buds are packed with the other item but in that no earbuds I received even after a hassle they are denied to pay refund or deliver the product.
I had a bad experience with Myntra I received the wrong product till two months is done but returns not happening I raised number of complaints with customer service but no luck every time they given one week date to pick the return but it not happening I don't know why it's not taking. If delivery agent will available also they not interested to taken the return.this is completely playing with the customer only every time I am raising the complaint and discussion was happened so many times.
Terrible service specially for first time customers. I used my credit card from to make a transaction of two products and they cancelled it for me with the reason of technical issue while mentioning that my pincode wasn't available when in reality there was no such issue as I specifically used another location where the product was deliverable. Nevertheless after the technical issue cancellation, one of the product got out of stock and on top of that they didn't provide the same discount for it.
I have ordered so many items from myntra earlier. But my recent experience with it is horrible. Ordered an item for my son and received an entirely different item so I requested a return. Itz more than two weeks now. Till now nobody came to pick up the item. I contacted them multiple times, each time they ask me to wait for 24/72 hrs. What a pathetic service. Worst app ever😡
Exceptional! Customer friendly! It's like shopping in a mall. Filters are a big help...satisfies a fussy shopper liké me. Value for money. I've bought umdergarments absolutely value for money and comfy. The range is huge and cters to every taste.
I raised an issue with Myntra on 19thJul for my Orders section is showing 'no Orders placed yet'.I was trying to track my orders but I have to go the 'Help Center' to check my Orders status.They charge platform fee of 20 on EACH ORDER in the name of app maintenance but the app contains bug. Cancellation of the order also won't get you the fee back.They cared to call (26Jul) only when I posted publicly and asked to mail the issue.Have mailed 3 different support ID's on Myntra yet NO RESOLUTION
Such a fraudster app like I have been ordering from myntra since long but this year 4 of my orders hav been cancled from their technical side only and I called them and they were unable to solve or give me a good reason also and this is still repeating. We are expecting our things to get delivered and out of no where in app it is written cancled as per your request.Myntra just stop doing this fraud.
Now a days they are scamming people by claiming that they delivered the products without delivering them in actual. Recently one of the products I ordered,they showed delivered when it's not been delivered at all. What kind of system is this? Delivery agent didn't even call and ask for delivery code and delivering? And when I complained about this, there is no proper response by the team. I trusted only Myntra for these many years but now they showed even they aren't trustworthy. What a disguise
Awful lately. Products for return are picked up by someone and in the evening I get a message saying return pickup failed. This happen a couple times and after countless interactions with the customer service executives, I keep getting automated responses and they say their logistics team says the item was not picked up. My issue lies more with the fact that how does the guy who picked up not only have phone number, but also address and order details if he wasn't from the team!
How could they be so irresponsible with delivery of the orders. Somebody might need it till that date. This app suddenly changes the delivery date and then suddenly says delivery is delayed. I wish i could rate this app in minus. Such a worst app in terms of delivery 😑 Gonna uninstall after getting my orders
I ordered shoes from myntra 1 week back, and the order was supposed to arrive in just 4 days... Now when i am complaining about the delay, they are just telling me to wait for 2-3 days more as they will find out what happened! This is really frustrating. Better use flipkart or Amazon
Changing my review to 3 stars. Myntra is disappointing me each time with their unique way. Sometimes it's a wrong delivery another day it's a wrong brand. And whenever it comes to returning items the trouble I am facing is horrible. This time they have delivered an item with different brand name and now they don't approve the item for return. Disgusting!!!
One of the most helpful features Myntra could add to enhance shopping experiences would be a comprehensive and easily accessible review system. This could include detailed customer reviews with ratings, photos, and specific feedback on fit, quality, and delivery experience. Integrating AI-driven recommendations based on personal preferences and past purchases could also personalize the shopping journey, making it more intuitive and enjoyable .It comes with better features than all shopping apps.
Worst app ever. They first run offers to add gift card which when used to buy, they send wrong products and then when you make return requests due to seller sending wrong product, they disable customer account and blocking the gift card amount. They should blacklist such sellers but they disable customer account. Huge scam running by this app.
Mark my words, myntra is going to be completely shut down for it's poorest of services in next 2 years. This has been the third instance already when I have received the incomplete product. For a kurta and churidar set, they sent only kurta. For a complete suit, they just sent a t shirt. Also, their maintenance of app is already worst. After ordering 3 items in my cart using a credit card, the order history page does not even show the items I ordered. The payment was completed from the bank end
Please don't buy any product from Myntra. They have become totally fraud now. I tried to buy a product from Myntra. But due to some reason payment got failed. So I ordered it again with new payment mode. When I checked my order status after few days. They sent both the product by converting the failed payment product into COD. Also they bundled both in same same packaging. And now when I'm trying to return one of them. They say it can't be returned. Its a trap . Shame on you Myntra.
Extremely annoying & irritating pop-ups throughout the home page, search page. You go for one thing, and same time a pop up comes and you are diverted else-where. No matter how much you keep showcasing all the new things, people will go for what they have come to the app for.
I enjoy using the app but I'm highly disappointed because the coupon they offer you for discount do not work at all. You would not get any chance to "apply coupon" while checking out a certain item on the app. I copied "MYNTRAHALFPRICE" and I never got a single chance to to use that coupon for discount on the payment page or before that. I have been using the app for over 6 months and the coupon thing is just a scam to lure you buy their products.
I recently had a very disappointing experience with Myntra. I found a pair of shoes I liked and was pleased to see a discount offered, so I placed an order right away. Unfortunately, after waiting for two weeks with no updates, I discovered that my order had been canceled without any notification from Myntra. To make matters worse, the shoes are now listed without any discount. This experience has been incredibly frustrating and has made me question Myntra's reliability and customer service.
I've been a loyal Myntra customer for almost 5 years and am an Icon member, but I'm extremely disappointed with recent experiences. I've received products without tags or items that don't match the images. Returning these items is a hassle due to constant issues, requiring multiple requests. It feels like Myntra's quality has severely downgraded, allowing any brand to sell subpar products. This has been a frustrating experience, and I'm very dissatisfied.
Unfortunately, I've had a disappointing experience with this shopping app. Despite placing two separate orders, I've experienced delivery failures both times. This has led to wasted time and inconvenience. the reliability of their delivery service needs significant improvement.worst experience .
Worst experience with myntra. I ordered a painting from myntra app.I opted for prepaid option and paid through Airtel Payments Bank. As soon as the payment got successful myntra app logged out and money had been deducted from my account. I logged in again to the app but it didn't show my previous orders. I have transaction id with me but never received order details. I tried calling their customer care number they refused to help as they were asking for order id which I never received.
Absolutely pathetic experience from myntra. Out of my last 4 orders, I received 2 defective products, one cancelled product from the seller's side after 2 weeks and having to follow up with them, and one more order where the payment mode changed without my consent, due to which my coupon got wasted. The customer service was apologetic, however were not able to solve the issue and just kept repeating the policy with no solution. Did not expect this abysmal service from myntra.0 out of 5 stars.
Myntra App Review Don't Be Fooled by the Glossy Ads! I've been using the Myntra app for quite some time now, and unfortunately, my experience has been largely disappointing. While the app boasts a vast collection of products, the reality is far from ideal. Here's why I recommend avoiding Myntra: * Constant Glitches and Errors: The app is plagued with frequent glitches and errors, making the shopping experience frustrating and time-consuming. From slow loading times to payment failures, it's
Wonderful customer support. Even the seniors can disconnect the call without informing the customer and the irony is that you guys have option to sell pickup every product but not the product having issues. At that time serviceability becomes a question mark. That too in Bangalore...great!!
no option to reschule the delivery, they will make multiple attempts even when you ask them you are not available for handing over the pickup and then they close the window for cancellation and you are stuck with the product with no further options. so unprofessional. 😡😡😡😡😡
Ordered a NB 2002 coz the shoes are awesome and the deal was good , however the shoes arrived without a brand box .. with no tags whatsover and it is impossible for me to determine whether these are damaged , used or duplicate . In all probability these are fakes or duplicates which are being peddled on Myntra . What surprises me is that Myntra allows shoes to be sent this way without giving the customer any chance to even tell them the issue .
Myntra is now charging money for returning the product. I had paid 3000 rs to them and if i return, i would get 2400 back. There is no option of style exchange in some products which is a hassle now. Now i will have to keep the product even though i dont like it since its image was better than the original product. Will have to be careful now and try to order from somewhere else, preferably offline so that atleast we can see and touch what we are buying. I will recommend this to everyone too.
I'm absolutely thrilled with my shopping experience on Myntra! The website and app are so user-friendly, making it easy to browse and find the perfect products. The collection is vast and trendy, with great deals and discounts. I was impressed with the fast shipping and prompt delivery. The quality of the products exceeded my expectations, and the customer service team was super helpful.
Worst app..I think even simple dresses are so costly and there are the worst coupons plus discounts are so bad and the second thing I feel is they show the less amount of the product but later it shows the more amount while purchasing it and shows sometimes delivery charges which I hate and thi k to buy it instead in another app..as I recently wanted a lip balm which was 200₹ but myntra is charging it for 279 something ,very cheap man! improve your app things, I think this app should not be used
I wish i could rate them in negative as I had the worst experience with myntra as I ordered something and i didn't get it on time Then I checked my order from the app and it showed that my order had been cancelled and customer care was not even helping me. Terrible experience with customer care services also I think Amazon customer care services are far more better then them
They advise you to get refunds in Myntra credit but then it will expire in a month even though it should be valid for a year. And there is no way to get help from the app. Going to order page and then clicking help fails saying unable to fetch orders. No other way to contact - they have removed all forms of contacting or raising support tickets. That's how unscrupulous this company is. Never buying from Myntra again after giving it good business for 5-6 years. Edit: it's so hard to find help
Worst delivery system. I think no inspections happen before delivering the products to customers. Sometimes orders get cancelled automatically saying technical issues and the coupon amount used during order will not be refunded. Worst service!!! Never buy anything from Myntra!
Hate the new notification features that doesn't automatically gets dismissed, you have a manually click dismiss button. It is very frustrating the Product Manager who is responsible for pushing this feature please rethink of this notification feature and get rid of it.
I've had a great experience with Myntra. The product quality matches the pictures, and any size issues are easily resolved with hassle-free exchanges. Unlike other platforms, Myntra always delivers genuine items. The delivery is fast and on time. The delivery agents are polite, well-trained, and professional. I've never had a negative experience with them. Overall, Myntra offers a reliable and pleasant shopping experience.
My payment is debited with the offer disc ount final payment debited 3916.00 but it's showing payment failed contacted customer service as it is showing failed in myntra app but rep couldn't provide a satisfactory answer to my query and it's quite inconvenient not up to the standard and in no man's land
Very bad service. I will also tell others not to use this app at all because they are doing fraud with people, they do not send the product you order and send another product after that they assigned case manager customer service, but they have only one answer "WE UNDERSTAND YOUR CONCERN" and we send the correct product. They are stealing people's hard earned money.
I didn't get my refund from last 1 month. I tried to connect with them twice and I also chat with their assist and they don't even notice it why my refund is not credited in my bank account I also updated my bank details twice but they didn't credit any refund. I would never trust the myntra
It was a good app in past but since I have become Myntra's Insider, things have become worse. For the past orders, I have been charged 30/- in every order. Last 5 consecutive orders were received wrong either in size or in entire condition and the issue has just been resolved with few meaningless sorry. 150/- for no reason with 4-5 hours have been wasted and no proper or genuine help has been provided. And thus, I have decided to leave Myntra.
Dear Myntra I genuinely love to order the products from you and I have been buying products from you guys till now . But the reason I gave 2 star it's because of your return/exchanging of the product . If you could take the return from my current address why can't you guys take the exchange of the product . I just want to exchange my product to different size , i haven't faced this issue on my last order which was 1 year back I guess . Plzz need a solution for this ......!!!
Initially I had no idea of placing any order but Myntra made it so easy for me. I have ordered around 20 products and few of them were returned and rather all products were of my liking. Thank you Myntra for such deals and an easy to use app. The only wish that I have ia to see a dark mode version of this app .
Changing the stars from 4 to 1 for the type of fraud this app has started doing.The order was cancelled from Myntra itself and I didn't get the refund.Please make your orders carefully.The app is too slow. Please check the bugs. Other shopping apps are so hassle free and fast.
I don't know why this app is not working well at all, even after updating it, it is still hanging... this thing is not coming even after tapping it 5-6 times..this is very disappointing .. pls check it out..
Best shopping app for latest fashion clothes shoes perfume home decor and fashion accessories. Hassle free return option if one doesn't like the item. Entire top brands at your fingertips with myntra the Number one fashion app. My favorite app since 10 years now.
Worst shopping website , please opt to another websites like Amazon, I had multiple orders undelived ,the orders will show out for dilivery but they will randomly cancell dilivery by saying sorry we couldn't diliver the product, without calling you or anything And their customer support is the worst that you will ever encounter they don't have any idea or power to solve your issue I've been Myntra user for more then 10 years it was used to be great website but now it's the worst.
The Best Shopping App . Variety of Products. Heavy Discount Offers available. Easy Exchange. Smooth Transaction Everytime. Thiz App should Go Golbal. The App Interface is nowhere to be found. Hats of to the Backoffce Team. Polite people serving us the best,everytime.
Has so many issues specifically it's so messy like you have to literally seek your eyes into it to find information regarding the product delivery date & Many other things too.. after that during payment it doesn't support upi payment option it's so hard to pay by any mobile upi app this all need to be fixed asap..!!
Fraud..... the app does not even deserve one star...... worst.... the product is available, and it has also reached Hub, but then the delivery is delayed . After a few days, it gets canceled without my consent, but it shows that it got canceled on my request. This is not the first time it is happening. They only talk abt hassle free return but they only harass the customer.
Myntra has degraded. The delivery guy refused to pickup my return which was in perfect condition and was really rude (seemed like he had some personal issues). He was also coming up with false allegations of me using the product for a long time (Ps: I returned it the day it was delivered). Additionally, the quality of the products has also downgraded and cheap copies are also sold claiming to be original. Never trusting myntra again.
Application open first time after install. After that it is showing mytra M symbol and nothing happen. If I want to check product or anything then I have to clear data, force stop and again relogin. Reinstalled 2-3 time and same behaviour.
Using this app since a long time more than a couple of years. This is a nice app but the only problem is the payment section; which is showing only Flipkart upi and not other UPI option in UPI payment section. Because I only purchase products with online payment and not cod so that there Is Hassel free experience but this time they ruined it.
I have ordered a product & I pay the amount, suddenly the delivery boy talking rudely & misbehaving then customer support people disconnected my calls form there end. & Now it's showing delivered the status but I didn't get any product or money. This every misbehaving people & faurded application. Don't buy anything from Myntra.
I am extremely disappointed with my recent experience. I received a poor-quality product and initiated a return on July 12th. Myntra initiated the refund to my bank on July 13th, but as of now, I still have not received the refund amount in my bank account. I called my bank, and they confirmed that no amount has been received. This has been a very frustrating experience, and I feel that they are making false promises and taking advantage of innocent customers.
I never knew that cancelling my order would a task and i couldnt pay with mynra credit after the order was placed. Worst while in other apps we can even transfer money to our bank accounts but no not here and i cant even cancel my order just wow makes me think why i ordered from this app
Myntra lies. When you return a product due to size issues or dissatisfaction, they deduct a platform fee without informing you of the amount or reason. They don't even notify you that a deduction will occur. Additionally, they have a pop-up that promises rewards for rating your previous orders, but after rating, you just get redirected to continue shopping without any rewards. Why lie and make customers feel like idiots?
Good app with quality products, no doubt. But.... Worst thing is the app does not accept negative reviews. If you mention about defects, delivery issues, etc, it would not upload it (rejects reviews). You go for chat option, never ever would commence. Number being provided, not working. Recent experience.
There is a Bug in an application after updating the app nothing is showing in order History even though after placing the order. Unable to see order status and tracking details.
Time has come to let go of Myntra. Been an elite customer, ordering since last 6 years. Customer service has become like telecom 'No' to everything. Not only service but selection has also been going to dogs. Have not been able to resolve a pick up problem, but also will not refund. Kind of bad experience. Downgrading it to One rating: Grievance Officer doesn't even respond. Escalation Desk doesn't have power. So, Myntra is an old relic. Moved on to Ajio & Cliq.
The feature of Style Replacement doesn't work. They say you can exchange a purchased item for something different and they'll adjust the price, charging extra for the excess. But every time I tried to pay the extra balance, they kept asking me to log in when I already was, and didn't let me pay. That's literally false advertising.
Very worst app. I ordered a back pack, the delivery partner even don't call for delivery and updated as delivered. I raised a complaint against this, they we will solve this problem and we will investigate on it. I raised complaint again and again they don't deliver my product 😞 and they don't refund my amount 😥. So, don't use this application for shopping 😔.
Second time in a row, ordered same product and both the times received wrong product. The customer care team takes forever to reply n process pick up. Extremely disappointed.. You wish to win me back, hahaha my cod has been disabled while my other friends can on the same product. Looks like its time to delete the app itself.. such terrible customer care.. no revert.. unable to connect with them.
2024-7 years later & tried ordering something. The shoes came in late and terrible packaging. Didn't fit right and had to return. Deducted 100₹ in return saying few charges are non refundable. While ordering, they lie to you saying easy returns and then deduct hidden charges. I guess another 10 year break is necessary before ordering from them again. 2017- Putting two filters crashes the app. Are you kidding me? trying to buy something and it happened 6 times. I am totally fed up with this app.
I have been a loyal Myntra customer for a long time, but since they stopped using their own delivery service, the entire tracking system turned into a complete joke. Now you never know where is your order or when it is getting delivered as there is no coordination between the app and actual delivery partners and the tracking system never updates properly the way it used to before.
The app do not deliver products on time and cancel your order on its own. They offer no compensation for the users inconvenience. I had placed an order and myntra cancelled it twice. The only solution they could offer was a fresh order placement. The customer care service cancelled the call before resolving the issue. Unreliable app and very poor customer service
I’ve lost all hope in Myntra and am now switching to other apps. Recently, I ordered ballerinas, but the size was too small. I opted for a style exchange, only to be rejected because the box was different. It’s so upsetting that they delivered the wrong box, and now I’m stuck with a product I can't use. This experience has been incredibly frustrating. To everyone out there, I strongly advise against ordering anything from Myntra. My experience has been nothing but painful and disappointing.
Myntra's customer service is abysmal. Orders often arrive late or not at all, and their customer support is unresponsive and unhelpful. The quality of products is frequently disappointing, with items arriving damaged or differing significantly from the descriptions and images on the website. Return and refund processes are cumbersome and slow, adding to the frustration. Shopping on Myntra has been an extremely unsatisfactory experience, and I would not recommend it to anyone.
Though the product was good but now their delivery service become so poor, so slow,and there is no useful coupon anymore. Day by day, their product's price is rising. They're not providing good offers and add extra charges like 20Rs. as platform charge, 10 Rs. for COD and then if you want to return it they don't refund these charges. Even in the sale, there is not much difference in the price range after and before the sale.Now, I don't want to purchase anything from your useless shopping site.
Worst. Absolutely worst. They say easy return but they don't take return. I have ordered a blue jeans and they have sent a brown jeans moreover with no tags and looks like old and keenky. When I said I received a wrong product and return it, they refused and didn't take the return. There are so many apps better than this. If someone wants to buy clothes etc. Then u can try ajio, it has better quality and products.
Worst app. Can't assist you with the issue that too caused by their own system. I was on payment page and wanted to change details so gone back. But on going back they automatically placed the order without our confirmation. Also after such mistake they don't provide any option to change the address. On calling to help centre they can't assist you with our waste of coupons and all. Their system automatically place the order and they say that it was placed & cancelled by U we can't do anything.
Worst delivery service. Taking more than a week to deliver the product. Even the product is shipped from nearby city. And some time they are holding deliveries in destination place more than 4 days. Even after contacting customer care support they aren't giving any resolution. They even charge extra charge to cod and if paid earlier then not delivering fast.
Ordered a lot of times earlier from this app, but never received an experience like this! I have received a completely different product after ordering. And they are not accepting return request for that specific product. They are claiming that, the product which I received was passed through quality check. Can't believe Myntra services has become like this now! The Worst online shopping experience ever!!
It definitely is one of my favourite product buying apps, aside from the great quality, the fabric and material is also sooo good. I have been using this application since 5-6 years. And you definitely need to try it once. You just can't delete it. More so ever those Myntra credits and refunds will work awesomely. I'm thankful to you Myntra.
Changing my review to a 4 star. The app does take time to load items. However after checking other apparel apps the provided filters is just perfect my Myntra. It helps you select the right options. Weekends does take time to load the products. The delivery time has increased drastically. Earlier we could get products delivered in 2 days now major of products take atleast a week to be delivered. Size exchanges are another 1 week wait time.
Myntra has learn new ways of earning money by deducting convenience fee and cod fee. I had received wrong order still they cut money. I am not comfortable to order from Myntra now as they always cut from the total amount and not return it back. It's better to order directly from official website or other ones. It's highly disappointing.
Never buying anything from myntra again. They are not good at all when it come to a purchase of utencils. If you are to exchange an item right in the time frame as per exchange policy, the app tricks you into thinking that you have placed for an exchange after you click on the exchange button and when whilst you are patianently waiting for the pickup then later the support team claims that we cannot do anything as the return or exchange duration window has passed. Worst experience ever.
I've had a great experience shopping on Myntra. The delivery is always prompt and reliable, ensuring that I get my products on time. Additionally, the return process is incredibly easy and hassle-free. Whether it's clothing, accessories, or footwear, Myntra offers a wide range of high-quality products, making online shopping a breeze. Highly recommend!
"Myntra is my go-to destination for all things fashion! The variety they offer is unparalleled, from trendy streetwear to elegant ethnic wear, they have something for every occasion. The quality of their products has always been impressive, and I love how easy it is to find exactly what I'm looking for using their filters and categories. Shipping is quick, and returns are hassle-free, which adds to the overall pleasant shopping experience. Myntra truly makes staying stylish effortless and enjoy.
I ordered a blanket from Myntra but received a shirt instead. Despite notifying them promptly, it's been 10 days with no resolution. The incorrect product hasn't been picked up, and I haven't received a refund. Coordination with their courier partner has been poor, causing further delays. Customer care canceled my complaints twice due to technical issues, asking me to resubmit them. Despite receiving a reply to my initial review,they didn't bother to respond so I am editing it.
Very pour app., duplicate items selling in original price.,they show the offers in home page...but not sending offer items.. coustomer care very pour...my experience with this app service is very much pour... I also suggest that don't purchase things unless your money goes waste...very disappointed
First this app was awesome. But now every time when I order something they deliver us either defected or duplicate copy of brands 😤,and also they creat a lot of issues in returning or exchanging of the product even though it is well with tag & not used .customer care also don't respond to our questions. I'm very disappointed with this app now.
It was my go to shopping site. Everything was good till I had some issue with my product. In general, you will receive service/support which will be of no use or very poor quality. You will be told of procedures and timelines you never heard of and you will be helpless and would have lost your money in between. Their chat support system is useless. No proper communication and response to resolve any query from that . Issues will be in their system , somehow customer will be held responsible.
Worst customer service and they have started sending first copy of the items in discounted price so for the price of original you are getting a duplicate product. When you call their customer care they will give you time frame. They will never fullfil, you call them everyday and every other person will ask you for next 24 hours.
Very disappoing. As per new myntra policy, they add platform fee 20 ₹ when you shopping. Also they deduct 50 ₹ per item in case of return order. I am ordered 500 ₹ shirt. Which price increases 20 ₹ for platform fee. So total amount I paid 520. I don't like the shirt and i return the shirt than they deduct 50 ₹ for returning fee... So i get 450 ₹. Total loss 70 ₹. It's a scam. Please do not shopping at this site.
Earlier, Myntra was synonymous with genuine products and premium quality. However, recent experiences have left me deeply disappointed. It appears that Myntra has started selling duplicate products, a stark departure from its reputation as a seller of authentic goods. The issue exacerbated when I had to return a product due to its low quality and being a duplicate. Shockingly, I was charged a hefty delivery fee of ₹200 for returning it.This policy not only adds insult to injury
Worst Shopping experience. Naam bade darshan chote... No option for detailed tracking, no option to add on instructions, Showing Failed delivery without even contacting. You will be in big trouble, once someone Stucks with this issue. They ask for one week to resolve this issue. In All, if you have 1 month and more time, then go for shopping on Myntra.
Worst ecommerce app. They will cheet the customers by showing amazing offers and, the products with offers will be auto cancelled after long delay. And won't even respond to the emails or complaints that the customers raise. They will only give a reply to send an email as a strategical move. I have waited for some products, and made a loose of approximately 6000 rs and, they give a compensation of 100 rs which I can use on next purchase for 499.. I won't recommend this site to anyone
O I loved everything about this app.. . Their collections, their product quality, their return policy everything....but there is no express delivery option.....neither I can schedule any order...other shopping platform provides the faster delivery option....myntra should upgrade their delivery policy🙁
Myntra was a good platform previously but now just like Amazon and Flipkart it cannot be trusted. I purchased an item which was delivered to me in a defective condition since one week I've been trying to return it but no one is coming for a pickup. If I'll have to keep this product, I am definitely not shopping again from Myntra.
Very bad experience. Order sandle worth 1200. Received damaged product. Wanted to return it and wanted to change pickup address. But couldn't do so. Online customer care i.e chat option is useless no solution is provided. Also called 2-4 times on customer care number despite of pressing number I was not connected to any customer care nor solution was provided. Same option was repeated again n again press 1 for this press 2 for this. After pressing again same thing was repeated.
I love the collections from Myntra, but the the displays on the app is blur and while zooming in to check the colour and fabric, there's no clarity...! I updated and uninstalled and installed to see if there is any difference and it's still the same. I have sent the screenshots to your Instagram account.
Hi Myntra, I’m confused about your return policy. Why am I being charged a return fee when I'm already returning the item? Additionally, what’s the rationale behind charging a platform fee? Is it likely that you’ll start charging for developer, database, and payment gateway costs in the future? Please clarify your policies.
Scam Alert!! Clothes on the app will show another brand name but will have tags by the seller or the manufacturer so, if you'll have to exchange the same for any reason whatsoever they will reject it at the time of pick up showing brand name differs. Beware !! Don't fall for these kind of new scam Edit: Myntra is showing people that they care about their customers but not ready to reply to the mail, they are asking for. Just doing drama to showcase That they provide solution
This was my go to app for online shopping. Not anymore.. They deducted an amount without even me giving a consent for social work donation. When I spoke to customer care they are saying there was a popup asking for contribution..looks like the bug in app , I dint even see any pop-up while making payment and money is deducted..myntra is not ready for refund. Be careful about this new fraud.
Worst experience please don't go with Myntra i ordered shoes. due to size & quantity issue i cancelled the order the delivery person came & pickup the order same day but i didn't received money & status says they have not picked shoes now no shoes no money customer care number also not connecting this is the service of Myntra is very worst Flipkart is very good compare to this.
Had the WORST experience with this seller and Myntra for this product. I ordered this product in yellow color and received a product in green color. Then, when I raised a request for return, they declined the request after 10 days, saying "we did a quality check and we have delivered an intact product". The same thing happened one more time and this time, they said they'll not be able to accept the return request anymore as they have already done an "investigation" twice.
I have been shopping on Myntra for 4 years, earlier everything was good but in the last 1 year, there have been so many changes in their system that neither do they listen to the customer no do they return any product, only your claim It is being declined, day by day Myntra is becoming the most useless app
The worst service ever, after ordering the product, received multiple times used torn pyjama and even we haven't received the Bill as well, when called to the customer care they are simply saying "after investigating and after all the quality check only we have sent the right product" from there side everything is right, customers are always wrong and they cannot help you in any manner once the product is out for delivery. THE WORST SERVICE OR APPLICATION EVER
Worst app.. they r doing fraud with us.. first they say they helped us, but without any update they declined the process of return, how can they do it, m waiting till 20days, they always said we r helping you etc etc but declined the process, it's lossing the trust with customer... It's so hurts..
Worst, vaste service from myntra, I recommend don't use the app if order product from Myntra, they will not proper return or pick service , its wastee don't use the app. I have order one product and its not good, raised return request, they did not come for pick , i have waited 2 months but they did not come. I have called more than 10 times but i did not get the proper solution. Plz don't use Don't waste your money
Recent experience Myntra services looks like scaming their customers and are very poor sevices and customer service is worst... Most of the product qualities are not good and also the delivery time is longer also experienced incorrect products delivered couple of times without giving them return options greviences are of no use...👎👎👎
Awesome app with so many filters..these filters are best features in this app....which are not available in amazon n flipkart etc. So you don't have to see hundreds of stuffs. And you get exactly what you want. Their delivery is fast , return policy is also good, it is also very fast.
Pathetic, first order and delay, also wrong item delivered, after that I have returned and choose exchange option they want 100 more for that item which i have purchased and they sent wrong item, this is absolutely third class experience of first purchase by using any app.
Refund scam... don't ever pay Online. 1 month already and I still haven't got back my money. Already talked with customer care 2 time, now they want me to go to bank, to get back my money... If they have no issue taking money why are they making it so hard to get back my money, I still don't know weather I'll even get back my money... I'll suggest to use different app, that's more user friendly...
It was always a great experience shopping with Myntra.... Easy returns and exchanges makes shopping more easy and stress-free .. After every week we found new collection over here .......... actually I shop from many other apps but when its about Myntra it feels like no worry at all ..coz we can return any product if we don't like that anymore without giving a reason.....sounds amazing na ...... Here always ll get trendy stuff every new week so I think Myntra is the best then any other app. ..
I am extremely disappointed with Myntra's service. I received the wrong product and requested an exchange, but Myntra chose to process a refund instead. This mistake is on their end, and I wasted significant time dealing with it. The ₹10 pay on delivery charge and ₹20 platform fee are supposed to enhance the experience, but this has been unacceptable. Even the refund deducts these charges. Myntra needs to improve their service and take responsibility for their errors.
Totally a fool making store. It shows you coupons & discounts while scrolling, and at the time of billing it says the coupon is expired/not applicable. Even the purchased gift cards don't work. WORST SHOPPING APP.
Loving the shopping experience overall. Good filter options, user friendly, easily accessable, new offers and products available frequently. Exciting offers available always.
I am using myntra regularly for last 8 years. But now they have started to sell cheap quality stuff with bad packaging. Recently ordered 5 products of good brands. Some of them are defective some have size issue. And they never approve the real review if it is something negative. Whats the point of asking for feedback if you are not going to recieve it. Please don't degrade yourself.
Myntra is a very good app, here you can get products of different brands at very good rates Every fashion, every style, clothes, jewellery, every thing is available here at very good price. Myntra fulfills all my fashion ideas, thank you Myntra
Very bad experience ☹️ I have ordered one boat airbuds but it only worked for 10days and when I called to ask about the exchange or refund no one helped me then what you hell are providing 1 year guarantee if you can't do that I will never order any thing from your website.
My worst experience was with a company that prioritized their policies over their customers. I ordered an item and waited for a week, only to find out that it wasn't delivered due to some XYZ reason. It was a total waste of time. I recommend visiting nearby brand stores where you can buy what you need on the same day.
Worst experience with Myntra I order 3rd time and all time they cancel my order and shown as delivered the order if they can't deliver the items so why so running the app. Don't buy anything from this app
Very bad user experience, there is always a white blanck screen while making any payment through card. At the same time I am unable to choose UPI option, it is just not working. Fix this please.
I was one of the very early customer of this app but now having very bad experience as taking random charges(platform fee, cod delivery fee) and if your are returning your order then also not returning back the amount. Hope this app soon get down as taking hard earn money. Uninstalling.
Worst app ever .. over price .. and sometimes the quality of product is cheap ... And I bought a dress (price-4K) and the quality is zero.. almost all the products are not worth the price... I hope they reduce price on some products atleast..
It has been my favourite platform for 4 years. I just loved the available collections and their exchange services. But my recent experience was really bad. I placed a return request, and after a struggle of two weeks, I got the refund, but still, they don't know the reason for the pick-up failure. Two days ago, I ordered an item, but they cancelled it from their end without notifying me, and again, they don't know the reason and are not ready to raise a complaint.
Just awesome Better then OnePlus buds pro, i used them but could last for 12 months only and then collapsed suddenly, battery lasted only for 15 minutes every after a recharge, it happened after a update or else i dont noe....but these are cool.
I had paid for gift wrap with my order. However I received the parcel without a gift wrap. I have complained about this however every time I get a reply that the matter is being considered. It is almost a week now and I have not received any solution for a simple problem. I have ordered many a times before on myntra and had expected a better service . Highly disappointed!!!! They ruined my surprise!!!
Myntra has been my life saver for a long time now but I'm so disappointed with it because of my last order. Firstly they have sent me a damaged product ( it was torn and discolored ) and there was no brand tag . When I requested for a return within 1 day the product was picked up but it didn't pass the quality check because the product didn't have a brand tag. What am I going to do with the damaged product now ???? I'm so disappointed with MYNTRA right now .
I've had good experiences with my previous orders, but this time was absolutely terrible! I placed an urgent order specifically for their express delivery option. The delivery guy from Ekart delayed it twice (they did fake delivery. Shame on Ekart!). I expected Myntra, a reputed brand, to be reliable and deliver on time. This failure left me extremely stressed during a critical moment, forcing me to buy from local shops last minute. This experience was extremely disappointing and frustrating.
Overall App is pretty good, just facing an issue with tracking system, it's shows item packed and dispatched and then no updates whats so ever had to really on shop24 to track my order, also orders don't arrive at time now days and lastly there is no dark theme still in 2024
Very bad customer support services. One of my product returned 12th of July and today is 18th of July, Still my refund is not credited to bank. Everytime when I called customer care they told me wait till EOD,even if it's 9 pm. Many time I raised complaint. But issue is not resolved 😕😔. Again I sent mail to myntra,but my issue is not resolved. Very very bad customer service 😞 I think I have to raise a complaint against myntra. Because it's already more than 12 day's. Their ETA also compy.😞
Worst service by them. I specifically filtered the products to be delivered with 2 days and ordered a lamp which is supposed to be gifted. However, even after ordering on 2nd July and selecting via express delivery within 2 days, the delivery date shows as 6th july. After contacting the customer care team, which is a set of untrained people , told me that they cannot escalate my issue and nothing can be done from their end as the date thing might be a technical issue. Scamming customers?????????
My delivery was delayed and now it hasn' arrived till now. I tried to reach customer but to no avail! Its getting ridiculous. I tried to cancel it but there's no option to cancel it. Absolutely ridiculous experience.
Great place for all the discount and the coupon codes I have grabbed many offers from those. I do rate it 4 star just cause if the app it's shows irrelevant item most of the time but still the browser is way too good in that sense
Pathetic customer service. Ordered two watches from them and received damaged watches. I had converted my purchase to EMI. While Myntra took back the damaged watches and provided me a refund, they didn't refund the platform fee. Because the refund from Myntra didn't match the purchase amount, my bank didn't roll back the EMI and charged me ₹99+gst as conversion and another ₹550+ as interest. Myntra would refund me the platform fee despite their fault and cost me nearly ₹700 for nothing.
Since im facing problem with delivery getting delayed and orderes are getting cancelled automatically trying to solve problems with customer call helpline many times since one month but problem is not resolved yet Hope Myntra helpline numbers should work more on this and find better ways and give good service to customers
Its the best app i have used so far..... In case of any issue, we can be assured that myntra corrects it at earliest... Awesome customer service and my issues got resolved fast and had no money loss so far.... Quality of products can be improved little more.... The delivery and pick services are also good
Myntra is a fraud company. 'Myntra's ppl cant even recognize two completely different products even after seeing it's pics. 'Myntra' shows different product pics on website and sends completely different product. And than it doesn't even accept it and doesn't let us return the product. Absolute fraudsters.
So bad experience about this app. I ordered my shoes and I was out of station so couldn't pick it up, I called the customer care services and asked them can I reschedule date she said I can't and then I asked if I tell the delivery man to receive my parcel after some day is it possible she did say yes. When I called that delivery man he also said it's possible took 4 digit code from me and then today morning I'm getting this message saying my order is canceled and they refunding me in 7days.
Stupid app!! I didn't get what I ordered. The product was completely different as it was shown in the image. And now I'm not even being able to return the order nor I could could contact customer. What a bunch of scammers. Give me my money back!
Don't go for this app pl There is some issue regarding the order and I have made a complaint regarding that but each time they say within 24 hrs or 48 hrs your query will be resolved but nothing is happening It has more than 2 weeks and still the status is not updated I have called them around 10-12 times and each call the same thing is being said I don't know when it will be resolved Don't order anything from this app because if some issue emerges there will be 0 chances of getting it resolved
"Myntra is keeping a limited selection of items, the trending color white is not available in sliders, I've searched extensively but couldn't find my size. You're not making new products available, and as a regular customer, I'm facing difficulties. Please make some changes, otherwise, I'll be forced to shop on Amazon, and I'll also leave feedback on your Myntra app. I want white sliders from a good brand within two days. When you charge so much, why don't you have availability?"
Hi, I placed an online order for Mabish by sonal women beige and night suit, and they delivered me the wrong product, I have contacted their customer care several times to replace or refund, but they refused without any proper justification. I received the product without any tag and also packed in a poor packing paper, its totally unacceptable, Can't spare anymore time to select the products and to get refund from this fraud company. I have got all supportings, video while opening the parcel.
The new tag system of Myntra is getting really hectic, sometimes they don't give the product with the tag and while returning they will expect us to give them the tag. I faced one more issue once when order a bag so this bag was totally packed and then sealed with this tag in order to see the product I had to cut that tag, there was no other option to open that parcel without cutting the tag, now again on returning this was an issue.
I received a defective item having so many scratches on my item. Now they do not accept return or replacement from myntra, so worst experience they just made a reason and told in before delivery quality check we have not found this, so we can't accept so worst experience they never accept return even product have damaged They just mentioned in reply "mail id" and "order id" but do not get any single reply from there just making people fool in reply here same copy and paste content
I have been a myntra customer for more than 5 years now but my recent experience was terrible. I had ordered an exchange for a product and the team says that the product is delivered. I never received the product and even after following up for more than 2 weeks the support team says they can't do anything in this matter. They are neither ready to take the original product back and give a refund nor ready to give the exchange I ordered. Worst experience and service ever from myntra.
Myntra offers an unparalleled shopping experience with a vast array of trendy and high-quality products. The app is user-friendly, making browsing and purchasing effortless. Delivery is prompt, and the customer service is exceptional, always ready to resolve issues efficiently. What sets Myntra apart is its impressive range of fashion items at competitive prices, ensuring there's something for everyone. The frequent sales and discounts make it even more enticing.
Myntra's service has really degraded, leaving a ton of frustration in its wake. Their delivery timelines are now unreasonably long, and orders placed during discounts or those eligible for supercoin redemption are abruptly cancelled only to find that the benefits no longer apply. Another great annoyance is how I see them handling product reviews. I've had multiple critical reviews removed for no good reason when I was clearly critiquing the product and not Myntra's services per their policy.
I love the app but every item that you want to open takes so much time to load that it is frustrating. Other shopping apps are very seamless. Than you Myntra team for the response but my issue is not regarding any purchase, its about the slowness of the app.
I actually like to give - 5 for their delivery service.. It's been aa headache to mee every product I order it actually crosses the deadline and they say it will come tomorrow tomorrow and it goes onn still my order haven't delivered I've cancelled 3 orders continuously same issue of delivering the order..
This is a really bad app the exchange takes forever without even being processed. Nykaa is much better than this trash . I ordered nyx compact but the product was damaged and the delivery boy who came with the exchange item said that the option for damaged good does not show on his end . He rejected the exchange . Even after showing the photos to the customer care I had to call them time and again . My issue was still not resolved . My advice to people seeing this would be SAVEYOURMONEYANDTIME
Worst app I have ever experienced. All my friends want to tell you all something I feel this app is something like scam. App shows us big discount and after making order no delivery is done and always replying we are working on it and final 10-15 days customer waiting time get over he cancelled the order I have experience twice this thing. Now understand only advertisement is done of big discount no actual delivery. Second thing if we are making payment in advance their are using our money
Highly disappointed worst exp with delivery service. I ordered my thing and couldn't receive this product on Sunday. So I requested him to deliver the order the next day. But he declared it as delivered. Till now I haven't received my order. Lost money. Contacted help center also. They keep on telling me sorry for the inconvenience. Yes myntra that's an inconvenience. That's why we are contacting you after the delivery you people should resolve after the investigation. I will not suggest.
I'vee been using the Myntra app for a while now,andi must say it's a great plateform for fasion enthusiasts.the app is easy to use and the product range is vast.i love the regular discount and offer's which make shopping even more exciting
very bad customer service.. More than 3 times I issued a complaint querry relate with my purchase.. no response from myntra.. still I didnt got my product and also paid money at the time I placed my order.. funny thing is my myntra app shows "Resolved Issue" against my querries with in 24hours..😆😆.. i dont know how they ressolved that things.. this is not fair.. very pathetic🙏😤🤮
there is still some unused ad space. also make it more bloated. and clunky. and jank. using this app is the closest you can get to experiencing haemorrhoids, if you haven't had that misfortune before.
One of the worst experiences faced with myntra. Never expected such a lame excuse from a customer "support" team. I received an incomplete package and the team isnt able to complete my order, just because i used my other products ( i ordered some 5-6) that came within the package.There was no solution to my problem. And the executive just said that they cannot do anything! I mean how does that even make sense. Very disappointed with myntra. Being a regular customer, never expected this.
Everything is good as the coupon system but I have a technical issue. I can't see my orders in my orders option. I have to go to the help centre then I can see my orders .
So disappointed with Myntra Odered crocs but when they were delivered colour was slightly different from the photo which I honestly did not mind but since size was larger I wanted to exchange them. But Myntra started creating issues and said it failed quality check and colour is diffrent. when I checked the reviews of the same product on their own app the colour matched of my crocs matched those uploaded in reviews. Now they refusing to exchange it. How is our fault that Color doesn't match
No wonder why Myntra Su(ks They have been Scamming 1000's of people by sending wrong, defective & refurbished products in Sales & when customer exchanges the product , product pickup fails & then make refund after deducting platform fee, bank offer & coupon discount... This is complete loss to customer 😣 Reasons for having lots of 1* rating & people are moving to Ajio and other apps. pl be aware ..
I love this app Cloths and all other products are just fantastic. Rate are also resnabls and good quality. Delevery always on time. And delivery boy had good behaviour with coustomer. Return policy is also very fast. My experience ovarall amezing. And offers are very good and reusable or affordable. Beautiprduct are resnable and good quality and packaging. Gift packege are very beautiful and aligent. I just love all the products of Myntra. Pless give us many more happy experience. Thnku so much
It's a fraudulent, trapping business mindset. If we have placed an order with low-priced with offer it's automatically cancelled by the Myntra team and they said sorry for inconvenience unfortunately your order has cancelled. And then that product will increase to high price. Even they didn't respond to the Mails and Calls.
Edit - For review and chance to win credit point, ur app always says better luck next time in reward. Bad advertisement ever. You can get quality materials here in this Myntra app. But delivery time should be decreased to 2-3 days. Nowadays it's taking at least a week to be delivered. Please work on it team. Thank you.
I am a select insider member on this platform and shopping with them from past 8-9 years atleast. I had created a same day delivery order coz I had to catch an intl. flight next eve. But they didnt deliver even when package was in nearest hub, now because they delivered it next day and I could not receive an exchange I had to return the order, explained them my part & requested to return platform fee for this order as this was a miss on their part but they blantly denied it.
I am getting SMS and email updates but order tracking is not working in the app. Unable to speak to any customer care executive on this matter as chat and call has very limited options and no option to speak directly or get a call back like other ecommerce platforms. I have not received any response to my email till now. Very bad customer support.
Fraud app they sacm money openly no refund no solution bad cust support. There is nothing available to solve issue no customer support no. , No chat provided, once u gave money there is no chance to receive refund no money back or no product. In my case they deduct my money I received transaction message bt they didn't confirm my order so bcz of no order placed I didn't get product. I have massage of transaction still they saying no money received open sacam of money I'll do legal action.
Worst experience Please don't download it Very bad experience with the cs team And the delivery time is extremely worst. If you have to buy anything you have to wait for a month before order anything. Very very disappointment. Never use this app again
First of all if u want to return a particular item they won't refund all of ur money,they keep some. That's something that I have never experienced before on any shopping app even if it's a small or not so popular app. I am shocked that Myntra is doing so that's literally disappointing and even after we shop from their site,they still want to take as much money as possible saying that it's their company's condition. Like seriously?? It's the first company that do so
It is unprofessional online shopping app. First I ordered a shirt when it is in low price. After that it was canceled by myntra, they said technical mistake. Again I ordered a shirt, this time showing delivery was delay. It is not acceptable. Be aware about myntra.
I have ordered nearly 4 from last 3 weeks but I didn't even receive one order the tracking says the order is delayed I have been waiting for each and every order I need to travel to other place what should I do ...it's the worst app I have seen ... there is no direct custome service to speak ...pls don't use it
It used to be a great app earlier but now this is one of the worst ever online shopping app. Every time you place an order it never gets delivered. Delivery guy will never reach out to you and simply will say delivery attempt failed. Customer care is even more worst- they have zero knowledge on why the delivery was failed or why order gets cancelled. And biggest problem is language they can't speak any language fluently. Worst experience. Please do not use this app Anymore. 😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡
Ordered a jewellery set from myntra Recieved an empty box in the package Now being denied a refund since apparently the outer packaging was intact. What about the box that was shipped empty. Always always take an unboxing video for myntra packages please. I guess this is the reason myntra stopped try and buy, too many instances of missing products that they can scam the customers of their hard earned money if the customer can't check before paying
Third class service they only take the order at their sale times, but not deliver the same because of they accepted the order on the low price. They fool us, the delivery partner of Myntra is EKART. the delivery boy missed call me and showed on the app that I'm not available to receive the order so the delivery is failed. Worst service by Myntra, I prefer to all please order on ajio they have best service and customer satisfaction.
Extremely bad experience . I had to return one product so I mentioned return in the app but the delivery guy mentioned the product was wrong and given wrong pictures although the product was right , I have raised this issue a week ago still no action taken .. not expected this kind of behaviour from a renowned app . not going to order Anymore
Very bad service. Waiting for my product from last 2 weeks. Customer Service is just not helpful as well as delivery persons they do not call and directly cancel delivery. Had really pathetic experience. Also, they do not work on their complaints I have complaint twice and called service persons frequently. Being customer I am trying my best to track my order by calling delivery boy but myntra people are least interested. They are really carelss. PATHETIC SERVICE.
The Order cancellation process is too slow, in this digital era your competitors are operating in real time. Myntra Credit is yet to be refunded even after several minutes of cancellation. Quite unsatisfactory.
I am beyond frustrated with Myntra's return process. Customer service is unhelpful and unresponsive, making this whole experience a nightmare. It’s unacceptable for a shopping platform to treat customers this way. I expected better from Myntra, but this has been a total letdown. Avoid shopping here if you value your time and sanity. They just keep your call on hold. My return is still not done worth 10k product.
Worst App ever. Pathetic Customer Care. They keep sending wrong items of either a completely different Colour than what we ordered, half missing products or a completely different product altogether!! Customers have to be behind them & call multiple times to follow up to complain & resolve these repeated issues and to Top it all, they have the audacity to investigate the Customer as if they are abusing this platform. Fooling, Looting & Harassing the Customers. A totally Anti-Customer approach.
"Disappointing experience with Myntra! I received a tshirt that was significantly different in color from what I saw online. When I tried to return it, Myntra refused, citing their "no return" policy. The color mismatch was not a slight variation but a completely different shade. I'm extremely dissatisfied with the product and the customer service. Myntra's reluctance to accept returns and exchange for the correct color has left a sour taste. Never recommend myntra to anyone. Rating: 0/5
Perfect for fabric, dresses, tees, shoes, and home appliances. Price and offers are great. They have beauty products too including luxury brands. Good job😊 Hope myntra will improve some in arrangement in their app. Just make it eye-catching , which improves sales.
Been a regular buyer and never had any problem lately but this time they looted us. Policy says easy return but they don't take return. I have ordered a pair of bata gladiators and they have sent brown shoes with no tags and looks very old and used. And when I complaint and said I received a wrong product and return it, they refused and didn't take the return. This is just ridiculous. Never going to use this app again. Even meesho has a better return policy.
I am extremely disappointed with the service provided by Myntra. I ordered a top and paid for it in advance, but I never received the item. Despite the app showing that it was delivered, I have not received anything. And I also recieved one wrong product and I request for size exchange I don't have issues with the top but delivery boy say its a wrong product contact to customer care and customer care do nothing in both case just giving me time worst experience I ever face very much disappointed
Hi sorry to say that Nowadays this service is totally doing FRAUD I have been using this service for the last 5 years but nowadays they are just giving the wrong product and the delivery agents are also seeing this they're saying we cannot do anything because this is not open box delivery when you talk to their CC service firstly they are very rude and secondly they are saying you have to keep what you got we will neither exchange nor give you the refund So I am FINALLY DELETING this app
I would even rate zero if possible! I had ordered few dresses, i received the product but on the app it is showing order canceled. Now i cant even return the products and thats a waste for me. Tried calling customer care 5-6times..but every time they say sorry, please wait for so n so days !! Pathetic.. please dont buy from myntra anymore. This is my 2nd experience with myntra. WORST WORST WORST SERVICE.
Absolutely love the Myntra app! It's my go-to for all my fashion needs. The interface is user-friendly, making it easy to browse through a wide range of products. The app offers a fantastic variety of trendy clothing, accessories, and footwear from top brands. The best part is the seamless shopping experience and timely delivery. Kudos to the Myntra team for creating such a convenient and enjoyable shopping platform.
Had always enjoyed shopping from myntra but lately return n exchange has been worst.. Customer service assures rectication for exchange but never rectified nor updated status for return and exchange after failed delivery...once the return n exchange window closes its no use complaining to customer service...Due to which I lost two of my order due to fitting n size error by seller and other a defective used product.. Disappointed of lately
Everything good, i love the clothes but the only thing that needs to be upgraded is shipping fee, including the shipping fee the amount of the order increase into two times, so please keep free shipping for orders above 3-400.
Worst customer service care.. whenever you call then everytime you have to elaborate your issue & even then no solution & if you chat with the support team, within seconds support agent changes & again you have to elaborate everything.. and by themselves they close your issue without informing you. So suggest don't buy from Myntra .
I ordered a dress and recieved old used products with a different invoice. When I asked for investigation they rejected my return multiple times and the help centre people are also extremely rude and didn't try to solve the issue. Useless app and useless help centre. No value of customer's money. Would not recommend this app at all. I am just sad that I cannot give 0 stars. Never gonna shop from Myntra again. The app is such a fraud and scam.
My experience with Myntra was very poor. I ordered a product where the payment is deducted from my account, and the delivery guy mentioned that it's COD. When I contacted customer care about this issue, they stated that it's a technical issue.
Uninstalled this app. Money taken but product not delivered. Even after filing complaint no resolution done. very very poor customer service. Totally dissatisfied. I raised my complaint two months ago and it's still not resolved. Every time they say give us 24 hours, but nothings happen. Not at all ready to refund my money.
Worst app ever......never delivered my products on time. I have ordered something and it was showing a certain date but suddenly postponed it..... I don't know what the hell is this. Suppose you have ordered something and wanted on a certain date but suddenly it says that your order is postponed I honestly speaking, this app has delivered only one thing on time since 2021 Worst, oh sorry worse than the worst app this is 🤮🤮🤮🤮
Myntra is superb app and budget friendly ethnic sets dresses everything just fine on myntra it's look like we purchase this things from mall and prices are really affordable...I won't from any shopping platforms rather then Myntra....I trust myntra...thank you for this much nice application...wonderful experience...from the day I started shopping from myntra I won't go anywhere nor other shopping apps or malls...superb....lotsssss of love & support...please serve in future also...Gladd.🥰🥰💓🙌
Very bad experience I ordered a dress for my sister the size doesn't fit her even though it says 10-11 years the material is trashy when I wanted to exchange it. It said the exchange period is up How can that be when I just recieved the package I cannot exchange it I cannot return it and customer care is not helpful it's a waste of my money never purchasing from it again.
Worst ever app,since 1.5 month (45days)im asking about my refund issue nd everytime they say wait for 3 days,so disgusting service, for the money we paid they don't care ,they loot like anything no concern at all,i would have rated 0 for app if present,they will send mail seeing review to explain again , however they won't clear issue too..money gone in vain..never recommend app
They say it's black, it's not black, tried returning again they sent blueish black or dark blue. Tired of myntra would not order from them ever again, simply disgusting return process. I'm not color blind. No point is losing my health talking to their call centre or anyone. App uninstalled. Would advice never to use them or their service
It's been almost 8 years I have been using Myntra shopping app. But I have to say that they have degraded their standard. I have purchased a trousers and because of size issue returned it. Without any reason they said it failed quality check. And till now it has been a month today neither my money has returned nor the trousers. Costomer care have no knowledge about anything. I don't know when am I going to get anything but for sure I will delete this application. 👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎
This is one of the worst online shopping platform. On July 18 I had ordered this shoe and the quality was so bad I returned it the same day. The delivery agent told me I would get my refund the same day or next day. I waited patiently and till date I haven't received my amount. Worst customer service executives.
Disappointed with the customer support & delivery of a product. Firstly delivered an incomplete product with missing item in package & when try to return it ,refused for return & exchange item saying that missing item should be returned in 72 hours .while mentioned exchange & return time was 14 days. 7 yrs shopping relationship damaged by their behaviour & their response. Request you to please mention appropriate time period for return during the purchase or prefer open box delivery.
I had complained 3 Months back as I am not able to login but still not got any resolution. customer care agent are giving fake commitments every time that it will be resolved by 48 hours but as expected no solution. this shows that they are least bother for their customer issue.worst service
Recently the app is not functioning properly at all. Product delivery updates are not real time at all. Lots of bugs and glitches. Can't see the reviews. Needs immediate attention and fix the bugs and glitches immediately.
This app keeps giving me offers notification but whenever i open the app it shows internal issues and does not give access to any product list. Just home page is working except it the whole ui is showing error.
Good order placement and refund process but delivery time got worst from past. It started showing 1 month for a delivery. 2 stars deducted because 1 month is too much to wait for parcels.
Very bad experience, very unprofessional, I ordered 4 dresses and received one dress twice and when asked for return it was a horrible experience, cause 6 times courier person came but instead of that same dress he asked for dresses which I chose for myself. He said he received the msg for other dresses , atlast I returned all 4 dresses.I will never use this app and not suggest anyone , very- very bad experience .
Wish there was a Zero rating. The once trustworthy Myntra has turned to a slumclass category offlate. Returns complicated, refunds never easy, Myntra sets a perfect example of a Crook app. I was an Icon, but bitter experiences with the cheapclass Customer Care made me stay off. They refuse their own products unless you reach the Cops. As it is high on pricing, and now they never miss an opportunity to loot you further by cheating. Check before you accept your order, or you'll fall prey!!!!
Worst delivery service. Traumatic experience inquiring for my undelivered products. Really poor customer service and inaccurate data being mentioned while trying to request for product info. Rude delivery men not being trained or thorough updating the addresses. Nobody has followed up my customer service requests till now despite of me trying since last 2 months. I am not even being acknowledged or replied to about my refund or replacement of my lost order.
The new update has disappointed me very much. When we try to filter a specific brand the results shows other brand results also and that to very frequently. It is making my experience very bad.
I have Myntra account since long back, i recently tried to login to a new device where I found that while accessing my account, app is creating new account with same number. While connecting to customer care they told my account has been deactivated and I need to send them gov ID proof and that they can verify and activate after 48 hours.I am also software engineer so I know this is a bug and they needed time to fix this glitch. But own that this is a blunder and customer should know about it.
Worst shopping app, always gets worng product delivered and customer care is also not that responsive, in contact us they provide with two options call us and chat us but, call us option never works and in chat all they do is raise a complaint on your issue but your issue never gets resolved
Be aware before purchasing ant product. I have lost my money, I received a piece of cloth in place of actual product. Myntra refused to take it back. I'm not going to purchase anything from Myntra moving forward. Will also inform all my friends and relatives about the same. They did a scam and not accepting it. I request you all to be aware before opening any package, try to take videos. I have lost around 1800 rs.
Very Poor app. Don't use it. It automatically gets log out and then if you call customer care than no action taken by them against it, we get to listen that ya we understand your problem. We'll take strict action against it. But no so far it has been done. I'm suffering from this since 1 month. And balance was available in my account and they infact Don't return me that too. Myntra services are very poor, they can't able to resolve them.
At times the price of the added items in the cart gets doubled at the time of check out. For Example- if a dress costs you 1123/- ,while you have added to the cart but when you try to check out it shows 2246/-. Then again you have to remove it from the cart and again bring to cart.
I will never recommend Myntra to anyone. Worst shopping app in terms of customer support and Return and Refund of the products. Please be careful using the app. No response from the team even after emailing. How ridiculous!
The product is really good but they doesn't not provide delivery that's why my experience is worst so I request to provide delivery to all the area because meesho provide to all area you also do that otherwise meesho will leading in shopping apps ......................... that's it
Worst experience,They cancelled my order due to unforeseen circumstances after 4 days of placing order , This is totally unacceptable, don't take order if u don't want to deliver it . I was waiting for my order and they cancelled suddenly.
Worst experience as they are degrading day by day, now no customer focus, unorganised approach, overlooking on issues, used product delivery, customer care are just buying time, their automated/backend updates may harrass you significantly. Once you raise for any support they will ignore with full of confidence and assurance without any progress further!! We may have some other option too... Forwarded the email to this email I'd, lets c what you are committed for...
Worst ever online shopping app. Product quality and price never match. Products ordered gets cancelled from admin end, products that are placed for return doesn't get picked by delivery agents and the cycle continues till return eligibility time expires and we no longer can return unwanted items. My Sincere advice for u all is do not install/use this good for nothing app
Worst shopping app. Whenever I put my return request, no one picks up and they send a response saying that the product didn't match. This has happened since past three orders I have tried to put a return request. Pathetic and ridiculous.
I recently experienced poor service and an unresolved delivery issue with Myntra . Despite multiple attempts to address the problem, customer support was unhelpful and failed to provide a satisfactory resolution. My product was showing delivered , and the communication from the company was sparse and uninformative. It was frustrating to deal with a lack of accountability and responsiveness. Overall, the service fell short of expectations, leaving me dissatisfied with both the product and the sup
What kind of pathetic service you guys provide? There is no customer care support. There are only chat bots who serve no purpose. You customer care number is also a disaster. No update is sent to number about the status of order. No sms when order is out for deliverey. Trying to cancel my order. But nothing is working. Learn something from Amazon how to provide customer support service. I tried send my order ID and my issue to your provided mail and you didn't provided any solution till date.
One of the worst shopping app I have seen. Customer support is next level worst. They don't deliver the products ordered with COD as if we don't pay. I have been a good customer since beginning but even then there is such a poor service provided. I recommend not to buy any product on this application under COD.
Very bad experience.i ordered a jeans and i received a defective product,now they are not taking it back even i have shared all the pictures.i followed them many times on customer care, every time they said we are looking on it . finally doing nothing.its been 3week i raised the complaint.very bad attitude.it wasn't expected from such platform.they are not accepting that they have delivered defective product.i m very disappointed i have already shared all the pictures with all tags but all waste
Worst .they gave me product without brand tag and didn't return the product.i calles and complain many times but they told me please wt 2 days and didn't do any thing..I want my refund..please take back my product.. delivery boy also saw the brand name was missing ..but l next day he came and told me he will not pickup my return..so pathetic app I am elite member but they treat like this .so frustrating.. why they don't have any optn like open box..they didn't send me brand tag name ..
My express order has been cancelled and there is no update on the app. Delivery of Myntra has become very bad. Customer support team is like a parrot, they just repeat same thing again and again. Also, quality of products have gone so down that I return at least 80% of the orders.
They have good products but very bad cusomer service and their delivery agents are very rude and refuse to take exchange or return orders as they please. In past 5 yrs of history with myntra..the worst customer service experience and no improvement at all.. Amazon n flipkart have much much better customer care.
Very poor customer support and worst app till date. No proper communication for issues and closing the issues without providing any solution and you can't even reopen the issue as they diabled the same . Never buy from this app You will loose money
Worst delivery experience. Their delivery guy kept faking delivery everyday while never trying to deliver even once. Uninstalling this app. Even their customer support is impotent to take any action on your complaints. Overall couldn't be a more worse experience.
The app worked fine for me until they suspended my account. I was told that I breached their policy which I couldnt understand as they give one line answer. I contacted them more than 3 times and I was asked to wait which I did and then called back again but apparently their customer care people said that I can't log in to the app now...it's disappointing because I have shopped alot from myntra..I still have no clue what exactly went wrong because they refuse to explain.. Uninstalling the app
Great app to order at best deals...services are too smooth...delivery will be too quick and the return or the exchange process is also good in this app..app working is also quick and no issues found since i unstalled the app....wide range of collection across all the bronds will be available in all the categories whith budget friendly cost....so is a good to have the shopping here rather than any other apps or platforms....insted i have forgotten live shopping of offline since when i had myntraa
Absolutely horrible place to shop. They deliver the wrong product. Delivery person says he won't be able to take back the product for exchange, customer care says we'll open tickets to resolve. No resolution except reopening tickets again and again. Waste of time even if there's no fault from customer side. Will never recommend shopping here.
I love the app but I recently saw tha if you sort by customer rating most of the products that sort have no rating at all and it's annoying so take a look at it and there should be a contact section regarding app or user interface
Myntra is not what it used to be. Now it has started to sell poor quality and/or duplicate products to increase their profits. Extremely bad of them. I am now switching to ZUDIO. Never order from myntra especially when sale.
The every product i ordered in Myntra believe me its damn good. Suppose i ordered 10 items so out of 10 , rarely 1 or 2 item (maybe) you don't like..RARELY. But usually i like Myntra for product, the material is always good 😊❤️ And I've never faced any issue in refund or return or exchange. ( I'd done return 1 time and refund 1 time ).
Excellent app, good navigatio and selection, but highly expensive, manipulated prices and discount, zero customer support..no call center. Selling old goods at high price. Pl see comments in X. No way can compare with Amazon.
The product ordered on payment was not delivered after the specified delivery date, in the application they showed that the order was canceled as per my request, after further discussion they placed the order, canceled the order again and again and repeated it once again. Very poor customer support.
First of all this app takes very much time to deliver the order and for suppose if there is any return or refund issues then it will take even more time.and it has very poor packaging.I did not get any tags for 2 products but when placed for return it is asking to keep tag with it and keeping my refund on hold for a month
Worst support from the support team and always keeps you waiting for most of the time period. And it takes much time to reflect the status of the ordered item. Myntra's developer is the useless developer in the world.
Showing bank discount, I have tried to payment with bank offer system show some error and faild payment and make order as cash on delivery. I tried to connect with customer support they didn't provide setisfectory reply. I have tried multiple time for payment it show something went wrong on bank offer.
Best clothing app ever ,with numerous collections of variant products. The quality of the products are 10/10 ,no compromise with the materials, it's a trust worthy store .Not like other online shopping apps ,where we order a product of a particular size & color and then receive a different one with tampered piece. Always on time delivery and Myntra maintains it's standard. I love Myntra ❤
This is the world's worst and useless shopping site. I am totally proud of this site. I had an order c.o.d parcel and a wrong parcel arrived. I even gave it to the delivery boy for pick up and today it has been 2 months and the customer care people are saying that your order has not arrived. I have all the photos and recordings.
This is undoubtedly the worst service I have ever encountered. Firstly, the delivery agent refused to door deliver my product and did not deliver it at all. Despite this, I received an email stating 'Delivery Not Completed', while the app falsely claims that the product was delivered. Misleading and highly unprofessional service. To make matters worse, I spent 40 minutes on a call with your customer service, only to be met with the same templated response of SORRY FOR THE INCONV.. WORST SERVICE
Courier person cancel our order without consent. They are asking the favour as a tip to deliver the material. After several complaints no body entertain the issue. It's not like earlier we use the site. Very disappointing.
Useless company in terms on helping the customer. They will send you the wrong sized or damaged product everytime you request for an exchange also. Shivani From MYNTRA ESCALATION DESK was the worst to deal with because she just said sorry told me to return the product and deal with delivery person directly to avoid anymore issues at pickup. So leave your work and stay at home to make sure the pickup person gets the product to get your refund. MYNTRA IS USELESS IN CUSTOMER CARE
Myntra was good and had a great offer as well this app is trusted app you can trust it 💕 and I love the product of this app u can find many brands here as well so it has many opportunities for us to choose any items and it's was super overall great product and u can find stylish dresses everything for mens and women's I love this app I love to shop here 😍 don't be scared to download this app it was good I just love it I also prefer Myntra anytime to order clothes makeup products skincare
Fake app please don't use it. My replacement is pending since 5 june today is 4 july nothing they have done. Closed my all complaints no reply of mails given and my deadline for replacement they have crossed and they are not ready to do replacement. Please don't buy from them they have become worst site ever selling fake items and then not replacing it. Even i ordered sponges they sent something else and bow they are saying we have sent correct product but they are not ready to sent the video.
Till date had no issue with the app but recently I placed a order,later realised the delivery address which got selected was not the one where I currently staying.so tried to change the address but option was not available,tried cancellation of order even that option was not available.
I cannot even return my order and it shows that pickup failed and delivery guy tried to reach , but I have recieved no call and it's been 4 days still there is no one to pickup the order . when try customer support it doesn't even says the item I ordered and auto generated msgs also have no use in this , it just says your delivery will be picked up soon , worst experience I have ever had with this app 👎
Images are blurry (pixlated). App icons, side bars are in correct. Product images are also blurry. Update - Uninstalling the app as devs have no clue how to add basic images. Added optimized image option to that app where user want to see clear and sharp images and you can't even unselect it. Multiple users are reporting blurry images from may 2024 and devs aren't even checking.
They gave me wrong product. Platform fee was also charged for return, it was the mistake of physical seller. Customer care was not helpful. They just said, we can do nothing. Have useless experience with Myntra.
worst experience ever. ordered a product on 9th of july, delivery date was 11 and today is 16th with no updates. The support team have no clue or any means to check on the order status. totally incompetent support team and system. please use Ajio for your purchase, much better exp and prices and also support.
Recently I purchased an Order. The order is not delivered and I got an update like the item will be delayed. Then I tried contacting customer care. Customer care asking 2 days time each time. Almost now its 40 days and above and the customer care not even resolving issue or not refunding the money back. WORST EXPERIENCE AND BAD SUPPORT BY MYNTRA.
Wrost customer servive. I received wrong product. I return the product. Still the refund was not processeed. I called more than 50 times to customer care, every time they raise ticket, but didn't issue refund. I will never ever order on Myntra again. Such a cheaters...
Definitely no. 1 fashion app in India. Outstanding products and ultra fast delivery also 100% reasonable returns and refunds. Proud customer of more than 5 years ❤️ Edit: Flipkart pay later option not showing on Myntra order page though it's fully active and showing in Flipkart page & even after 12 hrs of waiting the option didn't show up 😐😐😐
I am a victim of new scam of Myntra, I had added 2 count of XL size of jockey briefs into a cart, however while placing an order both the products automatically converted into S size. Since it is non returnable items I made sure that I'm adding a correct size into a cart. Myntra have delivered S size and now they are not ready to even exchange it. I requested an exchange just after 15 mints of delivery. I'm feeling helpless and regretting for ordering such items from Myntra.
Elegant and Versatile: A Dress Worth Every Penny I recently purchased the dress from Mantra Shopping, and I couldn't be more pleased with my decision. This dress has quickly become a staple in my wardrobe for several reasons. Firstly, the design is simply stunning. The intricate lace detailing adds a touch of elegance, while the fit-and-flare silhouette accentuates all the right curves. The dress strikes the perfect balance between sophistication and femininity, making it
Beware of fraudulent activity by delivery agents! I recently experienced a suspicious incident with my order. The delivery agent claimed to have delivered the package, but I never received it, even I didn't get any OTP or nothing When I contacted Myntra's customer support, but they were not took any action, they are updating that the product is delivered already. Very bad experience for me from Myntra team, However, I want to caution others to be beware of products while receiving the order.
They customer support they only support vendor it seems.twice wrong product was sent .and now they resufeing to return cash in wallet.after putting review on app they just disapproved same .so the real feedback they don't want to be displayed on app. Hope they initiate money return
Your return for the product will automatically get cancelled and there is no proper customer support... very much disappointed 😠... And return process is also very difficult. Many unwanted tags are given by Myntra on the product to make the process of return difficult...pls go for apps with proper customer support....and myntra also charges the so called convenience fee which is non refundable at the time of refund.
Myntra doing unethical practices, just to crate platform, they are created artificial demand. Simply lowering the product price and consumer orders, product will not be dispatched after certain days they cancel the order. When we call customer care they tell that due internal issue cancelled order and asking to reorder by the time they increase the product price. This is game plan they do. I stop choosing Myntra, I advise same to others.
What is wrong with Myntra, why aren't all the products available in the view list.You want to check products kd one perticular brand and they aren't available.Myntra's coustomer services has changed so much. So frustrated.
Single star .. just because of your worst return pickup service.. every day you send message out for pickup and no one comes and after 3 days received message pickup is cancelled as no response.. again created request and same cycle.. difficult to reach customer service due to your worst IVR system which keeps you in loop.. bye bye .. hopefully this was my last order..
Fraud, sells duplicate products of brands like forest essentials. When you purchase voucher using super coins,they cancel your discounted orders and dont deliver your products, customer care is the worst to deal with.
Bad experience with myntra. i saw a nice white sneakers and i ordered it. but when i saw the shoes i got dissappointed. the shoes looked "Used" and there were stains on white shoes inside and outside of the shoes. and the shoes colour looks faded as compared to picture i saw on "Myntra". so i request to exchange it , they asked to send photos and i gave them. They refuse to exchange it and say everything looks good. I WILL NEVER BUY ANYTHING FROM MYNTRA. !! Worst Service !!
Nonsence app and nonsense customer service provided.. It the product reaches to u .well n good..butvif any other issues arises.. like prodect not delivered and missing in transit.. they will simply mark it delivered... And relax..they do not care about the customer..no matter how many times u try to reach them.
Terrible experience with Myntra that left me feeling cheated. I ordered vests for my kid , but what arrived was set of briefs. The wrongly delivered item was of course non-returnable which made the situation worse. Myntra's support and refund process seems deliberately cumbersome.They asked me to click pictures with brand label but have suspiciously put stickers on brand labels, potentially to easily reject returns.Unethical. offering empty apologies over phone without concrete solutions.
Firstly thank you for Myntra giving very good quality products for the customers. Myntra is the best app I had seen to giving such quality of products , you can buy any thing and you will experience with great movement,I was buy everything from it because it provides such a Surety and return option when you need and very fast delivery and I recently got Sparx shoes which is very good quality l hope you may get that feeling when you can buy products from the Myntra, Thankyou 👍👍👍
Pathetic and if u return their products they will find reasons for not helping and they will never respond. Worst shopping app ,I use to order from Myntra now it's totally unreliable. They are not helpful . On their products they will not brand tag and when u try to exchange they have reasons and they will exchange it without informing and not refund the money. Had experience. DON'T USE MYNTRA
Myntra has become a disgrace. For past 1 month I am trying to exchange a jeans for the appropriate size, but there customer service team, which is by the way the worst, has not been able to create an exchange in coordination with the delivery agent. They just keep on repeating the same standard words without any solution to the problem.
I had a terrible experience on my first order . I ordered Red tape sleepers with discounted price . They gave me good discount and promised me to do delivery after 5 -6 days . On the day of delivery I didn't received my order and when I complained they cancelled my order and if I am ordering that product to they are costing 200 rupees more on the same product . They didn't have me any reason for cancellation and I also received no response from help center
Very bad experience . worst. my query was not resolved. Even I have not received my parcel as well they closed my query it was pre-paid.. request to all don't pay online choose cash on delivery option for better service. We can not contact to ekart for our parcels.
I ordered a dollar trunk (10 trunk pack) size 4XL on July 10, 2024. I received the parcel from ekart today. I paid the total amount shown on Myntra server. But after opening the parcel, there are only 8 trunks and the size of all the trunks are 3XL size. Return and replace option is not available on Myntra server. Myntra service is going worst day by day.
Myntra sent different color product and rejected return. And the reason is that reason I selected diffrent product - different color was wrong return reason. I mean Hilarious! This is just a new way of torturing customer and forcing to keep product. Shame on you Myntra!
I've been using the Myntra app for a while now, and it's been a pleasure shopping for apparel and footwear here. The app has a wide selection of trendy and stylish products, and the filters make it easy to find what I'm looking for.
Faced a worst experience. They have send me a wrong size product and asking me to adjust with that itself as they cannot refund it.😡 Such a worst experience. Those who are buying products please check and do it 🙏🏻🙏🏻
Order is not getting delivered on time ... distributor force me to cancel order .. And there is no buy option below product first you have to move product to bag and from that you have to buy .. and sometime product show different price and during buying it's showing different price...
Shopping experience with myntra has become horrible lately.. I ordered a Pyjama set.. they delivered wrong pyjama pants with the pyjama top.. and when I requested for return.. they are not providing any pick-up date.. according to them they delivered the right product.. so now it is upto the customer.. And now it's my mistake that i ordered from myntra and received something else.. Like seriously?? Now we're responsible for them sending wrong products.. Worst shopping app ever
Apart from variety of products of all ranges the quality is far better than most of other platforms. The smooth shopping experience be it cancelling, returns, refunds is so much easy and prompt. Overall the app deserve excellant rating.
Worst shopping app. If you want to return the item it will not be picked up as I am trying to return one product from 28 July, in morning I get Message your product will be picked up today and by the evening I get the message pick up failed. Also raised a complaint in customer support 7 times they says we assure you that you don't have to face any issue regarding this and again on every 3 day I get the message pick up failed. Pathetic app and services. They jst harrassing customers.
They just deliberately delay orders without any intimation to the customers and there is no improvement in this aspect. The customer support is also trained to say the same meaningless statements. I won't be retaining my icon status anymore.
The app is very interesting u have to wait for good offers during limited time period. You have to work hard to get best price keep watching to get experience no one can shop for u , you have to do it your Self.so buy more and more to get experience.
This is most worst app from couple they're exploiting me they're keep delaying me from 3 days not solving my issue The matter is I got a different product and I uploaded its pics tags intact in it.so, I choose the option of getting different product for the exchange but they're not exchanging it keep me delaying. Doing fraud with their customers who are shopping from Myntra since 3 ,4 years .They're requesting for more 24 hrs after taking 48 hrs and 24 hrs more. What should I do please don't buy
It show's fabulous objects and varieties.and a superb collection... And the western wear was be in low range .. it suitable to all people with a mid range of budget.
3rd class service from Myntra when an exchange request was submitted. The exchange request (due to size issue) was cancelled 2 times (frm GeetaColonyHub) without any valid reasons & "Fake Delivery Attempt" made in the track history before cancelling the exchange request. The Grievance Officer also didn't respond even on mail. At last cancelled product. Got call from Myntra when kept Govt Consumer Complaint Id in CC. Don't buy any SHOES from Myntra if you don't get any options to try before buy.
They won't let you return products even with return policy on product. I brought a phone on Myntra, didn't like it, wanted to return. The delivery guy came but said I had to talk to customer service to have it returned. Later, they put a return on hold without any reason and when I asked the customer service for help they delayed until return day passed and now I'm stuck because of this fraudulent practice by Myntra. NEVER GO FOR MYNTRA!! GO FOR FLIPKART OR AMAZON!!
Terrible app. Totally wrong products they deliver. To return a product, you have to write to them several times, still you cannot return. Waste of time , energy and money.
If there was an option to give negative rating I would have given it. First they will deliver you the wrong product and then will charge money for the return which I did not even initiated. One should not use this app because it is the worst app. You can either use Ajio or Flipkart, they are much better.
Got damaged product and when asked for replacement they just said that it was in good condition despite i was having proof of it. They just ignored my complaint like something. Never gonna make any purchase from this platform.
Recently ordered a few pairs of pants, but was extremely disappointed. One pair arrived without a tag, and another had a detached tag. Myntra's strict return policy requires attached tags, leaving us with products. We can't return if they don't fit or meet our expectations. This practice is incredibly FRUSTRATING & UNFAIR to customers. Guys, to protect yourself, always take an unboxing video as proof. This is the only way to safeguard against such issues. Terrible experience, Myntra!!!
The worst shopping app ever if you want to return your item they will not pick up. Customer care services are pathetic. They are making fools of they customer. They are selling every item in high price and providing cheap quality product don't purchase any item from this app. If you will exchange or return any item they will not collect if you will contact them they will give Making excuses and waist your time. All employees of their customer care services are useless, have zero knowledge.
Best clothing app! Delivers on time, gives great suggestions, return and exchange policy is on point!! Size issues are almost non-existent. Quality with affordable prices✨
Myntra mostly never disappoints if we do a good research. Varieties and range are for all pockets.... Depends in which category u want to shop. Delivery, packaging and product all worth 5 star at most of the time.
Product not delivered but marked as delivered and the complaint is getting declined without any transparency or justification. I have been sending several emails but there no response to them. This is fraudulent behaviour. Please do not use this platform as their team is so poor in resolving a small issue from your long standing customer. Thanks.
Don't ever purchase from here. They don't give full refund after you return the items even after multiple attempts to reach customer support. I ordered item for Rs 532 and got only Rs. 507 after returning the item. When I reached to customer support, they create some tickets not related to the issue and closes it. What will bank or myself do with reference number if phonepe itself shows lesser amount in refund? I don't know if they understand the issue or intentionally done.
The customer support on the Myntra app is very disappointing. I had an issue with an item, and the responses were slow and mostly automated. Multiple follow-ups didn't help, and the support felt impersonal and inefficient. Additionally, their return and refund policies are cumbersome and not user-friendly. I returned the products, and it shows that the product was not picked up by the delivery agent. When I reached out to customer care, they told me to contact my BANK..my bank? I'm disappointed
I didn't give a star, I had a very bad experience from myntra. I ordered a bag and when I tried to return it, I couldn't return it because super coin was claimed. When I contacted the customer care, they didn't give me a satisfactory reply.
nice app and in this app we didn't find any fraud or getting deliverey late..... This is the perfect app for everyone who likes the different styles from various designs is available only on Myntra....... So don't waste time Download Myntra for good Home products And variety Clothes...... TQ MYNTRA ❤️
Actually I like Myntra very well and I've also been an insider but not I am rating it 1 because of the delivery updates, the staff are not responsible for the package and even without trying to attemp the delivery the mail comes to me telling that youve not received the package. This feels very bad about Myntra and further I don't recommend this app to anyone. E
Myntra is total fraud. The quality of the products is atrocious, with items arriving damaged, and the return process is a nightmare. I got 2 times wrong product absolutely no match .still they dint return
Worst product Delivered wrong product and not returned it after giving approval and taking lot of time in approval then also having issues in return calls nd text stop working I can't get accurate information nor the guarented about my money I wasted alot money having expensive things nd not delivering same product as shown very bad
Ridiculous move made by Myntra! Myntra has removed option to pay via entering UPI I'd, so if someone doesn't have any UPI app on their phone there's no way for them to pay even if someone else having a UPI app on their phone is willing to pay for them.
Everytime I try to do payment, payment is got failed and other UPI options don't show there rather than Google pay . Even after informing multiple times customer care it doesn't resolved. Poor service.
Overall good shopping app. But the issue with delivery persons, who marked the order Delivery failed without visiting doorstep if not picking up his call. This Is Very Bad.
Such a poor customer support from Myntra, and irresponsible delivery guys always from Myntra only, my parcel was delivered to whom I don't know and the customer support has nothing to answer on this. After delivering many products they deny return pickup saying that from the same address the return pickup cannot happen, so I should have two separate houses in one city, one for receiving deliveries and other for returning?
I am the who use this app long time for the first time I received wrong size order but I returned it so easily with out any problem and my money refunded back also and my money is deducted some other order but not confirmed I felt I lost the money but I received within 48 hours I mesmerizing how maintain their standards and quality to this much statification to me.thank you myntra you are the best
Worst Customer resolution.. Raised a complaint after receiving a defective or refurbished product in the sale, when opted for exchange.. Delivery person brought the exchange product around 10am and told he need to upload the images of defective product, so he would come back at 3pm.. he never showed up and didn't answer my call. When contacted help desk after 3days, they said that the exchange product was returned back to origin In short they scamed me...
Myntra is not able to provide any resolution for a wrong product delivered to the customer. Means no reverse pickup. Myntra does not post negative comments/feedback by the customers and this is quite clear if we have a glance at their review section. You will not find any review with a 1* rating. Thirdly, instead of any thorough investigation at their Vendor or Logistics end (in case of a wrong product delivered to the customer), they prefer to give up on their valued customers.
For past few months it's taking ages to deliver every single order. Keeps on extending delivery dates. Even it's in nearby delivery centre. Still takes 5 more days when center is barely half an hour distance from my home.
Awesome collections for kidswear so keep it as the same it is and can make it with more options, designs with reasonable price and free delivery! ! Thank you.
Myntra is best for quality clothes.. little bit expensive but u get d best product n different varieties. . .i hope myntra gives me some big discount for me this tym because i did lot of shipping on it ... Overall shopping on myntra my experience is really good till now.tnks to myntra
Worst platform and pathetic service provided. There is no resolution provided for the complaint raised on 15th July. Your agent directly visited and picked up wragon product from my location and marked it as return pickup up failed due to unforeseen reason and you people are denying for my refund. Sanjeev and raghvendra you both sticked on the confirmation but what is the use if you people are not helping the customer being in a support. There is no refund even after multiple followup.
Myntra- Never delivering order on time, return/cancellation is a tough deal and Bad User Interface. I am giving two starts because of the good collection. Sigh.
Myntra is an excellent ecommerce shopping app👌. I find that it's very convenient. I enjoyed & love shopping at mynta for the discount & offer we received every purchases. Love you mynta ❤️. Keep up the good work 👍
Myntra has downgraded it's standard significantly. First of all they will send a wrong product without proper tags, then refuse to approve returns without proper tags. Disgusting. It has fallen to the level of Flipkart.
Return request rejected more than 8 times. Still not yet scheduled to take back the rejected product unconditionally. Poor understanding team even after explained the reason for rejection in phone & chat. Resolution will never get here
The Customer Service of Myntra is become worse day by day, the delivery partners are just adding false information just to cover thier daily target to make sure they get their incentives and the users suffers with the delivery or the pick up, I have faced this issue and no kne from myntra customer care is helping me they are just creating a trouble ticket and closing it, never to use myntra again, you can never reach the service of your competitors , #ajio and #amazon have never troubled so much
Worst app and worst service from Myntra. I'm using Myntra past 7-8 years. But never faced such kind of cheap tactics from Myntra. But, from last 6 months, Myntra made me very disappointed with their worst service.Myntra blocked my return request that's why I have to keep unnecessary product.... Pathetic service and pathetic service policy
Such a worst app I have ever seen. What ever the items I add to cart, all gets disappears. It repeated for literally 9 times. The payment always fails. Worst app.
Disgusting, I have ordered a shoe and got it without shoe lace. So I have requested for an exchange. The delivery guy doesn't accepted the exchange box saying that he didn't got any update on defective piece. I tried calling or reaching Myntra customer care. Don't know where the hell they are working on. It's nearly 2weeks. Please don't encourage this kind of services. Again worst experience with even customer care chat
Usually the products are of good quality and this app provides easy return. Products on cheaper rates may not have good quality, and one should always check the product details before purchasing it.
They have a terrible logistics team.I ordered a 2 piece suit, but I was delivered only the pants.Upon returning the delivery pickup boy asked me for the pants again and again. He didn't picked it up for 15 days and myntra gave the pick up request to him only . Terrible experience from myntra
I ordered two sarees and they didn't provide with brand tags and the colour was not upto mark .wo when I tried to return the product they rejected it by saying that product does not have a brand tag.so my days are passing by just hearing apologies from customer care agents.its almost 12days that they are just playing around....worst experience...myntra has started to loot people now.they have great strategy to fool people...never going to buy again from this platform.
Not happy with the platform fees at all. I could place orders everytime I felt like..now I keep things in the wishlist and order when I have bulk to order.
Really smooth shopping Exp, lots of deals, great product selection, all sizes available. Great work by Myntra team, exceeds my expectation !!
Really useless, expensive compared to its peers and customer support is utterly useless. They are just harassing the customers in the name of enquiry and are not even providing a proper solution to the issues that have been put up.
Very worst. Selling cheap product and sending it without brand and price tag. And after return request, cancelling my request from backend. Worst experience. ☹️
Good products..it ranges from reasonable to expensive purchases. The quality is really great.. the return, refund etc procedures are very hassle-free
This is the best app, quality of clothes are top notc. Price are so reasonable and budget friendly for hostel students, details about products are too good and well explained. Much better than other apps
My experience has been Excellent....very happy with the products....keep improving the quality though it's good ....I Highly recommend the shopping....it's worth your money....
Delivering the non branded products against a branded product ordered and denied the return without giving any proof to the customer. Instead took all the proof/pictures they demanded from us. A big scam and fraud is happening. Never ordering again from these fraudsters.
Find everything awesome till the date.. UI is smooth and super speed.. Hope that Myntra continues to give us such app surfing experiences..
It has been great experience for me till now. Nice product, easy to return n refund facilities available in case you don't like the product or can exchange as per your requirements.
I I have purchased hair dryers from Myntra order canceeled by customer care Myntra is very useless, I have not received my product yet and in the end they cancelled the order without my permission and the customer service is also useless, if you say so, don't shop from Myntra, it is useless I had made the advance payment but still it was cancelled and later he is saying to buy some other product. I am telling my family and users not to buy any product from him.
at times this has much better offer than Amazon, and the pay later options such as with Simpl, makes it much awesome. recently bought a cmf headset, Nike runners etc.
I like myntra for being easy to use and having plenty of options to choose from. Returns policy is also easy.
Logistics was very bad, delivery/returns management is horrible as people cancels / changes schedule with out any reason, look for same product in other platforms
I guess myntra never dissapoint any of its customer. Amazing stuff, good quality, easy returns, & superb prices..
Worst shopping experience. My product is missing in packet and they are simply saying they have checked it's not their fault. I paid online and now my money is lost
Worst app, it show "wishlist has reached the maximum limit", no other shopping app show such limitations. Since then stop buying from Myntra. If it's not fixed then unfortunately I have to uninstall the app.
There is a big fraud going in myntra. They just harassed me to another level. From past 20 days I want solution but they just don't care. I ordered jeans of brand name "baesd" and in description it was written "sold by angel fab" and when it got delivered, tags were of Angel fab" so i took it. But now when I want to exchange it, Myntra is making issue that is doesn't contain "baesd" tag. And Noone came to pick my product and I got msg saying return rejected for not passing quality check. FRAUD..
Till date many products purchased on Mintra, but not faced any difficulty in exchange or credit transactions... Nice products and awesome discounts..!!👍
I recommend you Myntra for quality product it's a very good decision to buy something from Myntra all the products which we use in daily like electrical appliances,home ,clothes and stationary products are top notch 😁 they never compromised with their quality and service in it also very good
Waste service which is provided to the customers and worst and worst service to the customers about the delivery and management. please don't order in this Myntra app especially which is paid starting like debit, credit, upi etc they will neglect and misplace the order and last tell that we are sorry and we cannot do anything with your order you should replace it. We lost our precious money because of their management
Worst communication. No clear delivery tracking. Order getting delayed multiple times without prior notification.
Myntra....the most convenient platform which provides everything at one . Superb for those who do not outdoor shopping person.
I love shopping at Myntra very much. All the products are excellent and same product as I want. Myntra's suppoter team is also great and always avaible. Thank you myntra and Myntra's support team.
They have started charging us for the platform fee. And if I need to return a product they will not give the whole amount. That is ridiculous.
I've been a myntra INSIDER from many years, ordered so many products, but suddenly in my order section it is showing You've not placed any order yet..😂 (what a bug) Please fixed this myntra..!
Don't waste your hard earned money on this app!! I recently ordered clothes worth 3000Rs from Myntra and when I opened the package it had some old cloth inside. When asked Myntra about the refund they denied it completely saying that I am lying and they have delivered the correct product. Their own system is flawed and they are not even taking the responsibility. Worst experience ever!
It's very nice. I like this app very much, hastle free delivery,and return. Always they deliver our stuff before time. I just love it
My experience with Myntra has been great. The product quality matches the pictures, and any size issues are easily resolved with hassle-free exchanges.
Idk what the heck is wrong with myntra lately. Too many bugs, needed to b fixed or else m Uninstalling. And uk what's sooo annoying? THERE'S A LIMIT FOR WISHLISTING!!! LIKE COME ONNNNNNN
Worst delivery service ever encounter on online shopping apps. They don't care of your order to reach on time they just don't make it priority to deliver the order on time .
Horrible experience with Myntra!!! I had ordered a jeans from Myntra but was instead delivered a plain T-shirt and that too without a price tag or label. And now even after calling them multiple times and posting my query in help chat, they are not ready to exchange or return my amount back. This is like sheer cheating with your customer and on top, not even caring about resolving customer complaints. Really disgusting!!! Would never recommend buying from myntra to anyone
expensive...but i really like there service..and love to shopping from Myntra thn any other shopping apps. Can you please stop some charges of 10 or 20 for case on delivery???. Make it free.. you already in alot of benifits. Don't like upgrade version.
Using myntra from so many years but suddenly from last week it not showing my old orders and my account showing like im new to myntra i unistalled it and again installed the aap but still it ask for adress payment details abd showing discount on 1st order, as if im new to myntra im very disappionted i was already become insider customer but now it showing like im new to myntra
3 rd class service. They cancelled my order 4 times without any reason and update I escalated to social media but no one contacted me . This type of services they provide to customers. Do not buy go with Amazon and meesho
I am writing this post with deep disappointment and dissatisfaction regarding my recent experience with Myntra. Over a month ago, I returned two products, and yet, the company has not processed my refund. Despite calling customer support more than 10 times, each time I was assured a resolution within 48 hours, but no action has been taken, and I received no further response. This is not the level of service one expects from a reputed platform like Myntra. It's essential to hold companies account
Nice collection and good rates, very simple ways for shopping online Also like the best part of shopping is exchange product if you don't like it.
Love this app. Good product, fast delivery and always have discount and coupons can be applied. Thank you Myntra.
Since 5 years I'm using this app didn't face this type of problem I returned my product it's 3 days now no one come for pick up And Ordered items not visible in order list, they're in help center option
Your return seems to be cheat. Item picked up but it's not updated. Also your courier Delhivery is waste and cheat. Extremely bad experience from Myntra. Better opt Amazon who have reliable delivery partner
Very bad experience... At first i ordered a dress for my birthday but it's delayed and delivered after my birthday... And now another bad experience...but product wise it's ok..
They have improved big time over the years on ux, discounts, availability and delivery. Cheers!!
The customer service on Myntra app is excellent and they have been kind enough in solving my issues of ordering the wrong size by me they immediately cancelled my order and asked me to place a fresh order. Thanks a tonne Myntra
I am using Myntra since last 5 years. My experience is very nice. Product quality and packaging is also quite satisfying. Price is also good as quality of the clothes.
Product is good but don't purchase from myntra because their policy for return is against customer they deduct platform fee and not give you full refund. Shame on you myntra another type of scam is ongoing.
Easy return policy the quality of the products is very good and no hassle about the money regarding the products and ti.ely delivery........all in all a great experience shopping from this app and would recommend others too.
Very very poor delivery service never order a item which are set of 2 or more as u will get only one item it's fraud online shopping platform
I totally loved Myntra's fast delivery ...I got my product within 4 days ..really loved this aap..and the product is really nice .. I love this craze eyeliner ... thanks Myntra.... But I only feel there should b some more discount on all products...
Very quality products and I searched for a lipstick in all site it's only available in myntra.i was PURCHASING from myntra from a while. Good experience
I want to give it 0 star.Worst app ever.Don't buy anything from this app.They don't provide cash on delivery if a customer cancels his order due to late delivery.Amazon is the best app for online shopping and security.Uninstall this app now and download Amazon.
I'm using myntra from last 7 year... Never disappoint with product, return, cancellation or exchange... I got my refund on time... Delivery is also available and on time every time... Thank you for understanding customer needs and concern... Thank you!..
I really love myntra shopping app .... affordable prices and delivery everything is perfect...so everyone keep shopping...share your experience...and give your honest review...to be honest I really love myntra shopping
Don't use this app Duplicate product.They did not refund my full amount. I have paid 708 for my product. I received only 699. Don't waste your hard money.
First of all they don't care about their customers.. coz if u placed an order first when it gets delayed.. they automatically cancle your order from their side.... Without informing you. And then they just say sorry that's all... Worst kind of service..
They have the worst delivery partner team. They don't at all deliver the products on time. Fake delivery attempts and poor customer care support.
Worst shopping platform Delivery date was 7th of August Order arrived already in the courier near me on 4th but didn't got delivered and they attempted delivery today i.e 9th August SERIOUSLY GUYS PREFER AMAZON OR FLIPKART OVER THESE GUYS EVEN THEY HAVE GOOD CLOTHING BRANDS EVEN THE CUSTOMER CARE EXECUTIVE TOLD ME THAT ITS FLIPKART LOGISITICS I PROBED HIM IF IT'S FLIPKART OR EKART HE TOLD ME ITS FLIPKART NOT EKART
The delivery facility is very very bad ,no help is done by the help centre they just raise a problem and later cancle the product and that's all at the end you have to suffer for your product
Horrible experience. Worst online shopping platform ever. Very bad at transactions. They don't even provide assistance. Better to dump it. Money wasted
The worst experience. I had ordered sandals and they had delivered something else which was worse in condition and still not refund my payment. Do Not Buy Anything From Myntra.
Pathetic service. Recently i ordered a top and they delivered completely different top. They wont approve posting review..they wont submit request for return. Highly disappointed.
This app is best among all shopping apps because of its coupon .for example i bought oneplus nord buds 2 only for 1900 rupees. Usually these are 2400 rs. I just love this amazing app.
Only the thing is , products are bit costlier as compared to Amazon and Flipkart. Elsewhere varieties and all are fantastic....
I don't want to give a rating of even one star. I order the product but it gets cancelled automatically and it takes a lot of time. Myntra is useless. 👎
Very very recommended if you are finding the one Stop solution for your online shopping you can get everything here No matter if you are over sized or not tall or short VERRYYYUU GOODDDDD APP FOR ONLINE SHOPPING
Please work on your application and get good tech team. It takes forever just to load a simple page after few searches.
I like the app and the collection, very very much. The best part is the fast and quick delivery.
App got stuck on the payment page. Moreover, they charge Rs 20 as a platform fee for every order. It's not worth the charges.
Fraud company. First they will give you wrong product. Then you ask to exchange for right one. They will ask to return as no exchange is available. But they will not give you your full amount. They will deduct 20 rupees platform fees and 10 rupees COD charge for no reason. It is their fault but I should pay for the wrong product. Inspite of apologizing and giving compensation for the loss of my time, they are having guts not to refund the full amount they have recieved for giving wrong product.
Worst App I ever seen.... I order a normal shirt but it not delivered till after 20 days, and it automatically cancelled by Myntra. I already complaint 3 times, but my problem not solve yet.... Very bad experience, going to uninstall it...
Please add the feature to unselect all the items present in the cart at once, it's very annoying to unselect each item and it gets refreshed every time. Apart from this issue, the overall experience is well enough.
They deliver different products and when we place return, they don't pick up the item and ask for the original product. Worst experience ever.
I can't see order updates since updated app. It's stuck at 1st stage only. Not showing anything after that. It's hard to keep track of orders
I always do shopping on myntra for clothes because they provide quality product with such great price. My experience was great before my recent purchase. Recently I ordered an electric kettle and received the item. But the item looks used. I raised a complaint against the issue. After 5 days of waiting they cancelled my ticket by claiming that they had sent me the proper item and I am telling lie to them! Such a great disappointment.
Ordered products not delivering..status is product recieved at nearest hub...but they will no deliver...second time facing same issue...no way to contact them...are you fooling customers..not team will support...trust failed
Myntra is my go to app for shopping A-Z items. I always loved their service, quality of their products and packing. Also they are giving the best possible offers and I highly recommend this app to everyone.
The best shopping app for clothes. Here variety of clothes from various brands are available at good cost.. The perfect material at low costs are also available. Easy return and refunds.
App is good but somehow not able to relogin on my mobile after an abrupt log out...it's giving error now like something not right. Thankfully I had in on my tab so I am now using it on my tab which is kind of cumbersome.
This was my best platform for online shopping but suddenly its service is not available in our pincode . Which is very sad, I did not expect this and I want to know whether its service can come again or not?
This platform was amazing we can make our changes after exchange with the other product in same price or high so need to wait for return and wait for credit and buy another product. I like this option
Terrible experience with Myntra. Why payment option through upi is disabled. I can't place my order. My go to payment option is through upi but from past 3-4 months I can't pay through upi in myntra. There is no option to enter upi I'd after selecting payment option as upi/ wallet.
This app used to be a great platform for everything you need, but now their service has gone worse than ever. I've been delivered the wrong product without any tags or receipt, and even after raising the complaint three times, I have not been given any solution to my problem. They are all just saying the same thing again and again: to wait for 24-48 hours, and that's it. Nothing happens after that 48 hours. The exchange order marked as delivered by mistake has not reached me till date. Worst!!!
I got bad experience of 1st order from myntra's delivery boy. Hi. I'm from Wanowri,Pune. I did return request for shoes. Got fake. but didn't get any response. Even my 1 courier didn't get receive yet. And I've paid online for that. The same delivery boy was coming for get return my courier but he didn't delivered my 2nd order maybe that's why he didn't came again. I did complaint on Myntra and to hub manager. But I think I've wasted my time.
Stop stealing people's money in the name of "platform fees " that you forcefully take as donation from the user every single time one places an order & you don't even refund it in case the order has to be cancelled or returned
Guys pls stop using Myntra . Very dirty platform. If we are not available to return the product, the delivery agent will put false claims like used product and the customer care also will not listen to us carefully and they will also do the false claims. After registering 2 complaints they are not going to hear and help us. We should keep the product with us only even though we are not liking the product or the size doesn't fit.This is very worst experience with myntra. I will give 0 rating.
The WORST customer service ever, the agents don't call back, the pick up won't happen on time. We waited for a month for the product to be picked up, and still no response. Never ever using Myntra to buy anything.
Using the app for 2 years, but recently I cancelled many orders due to very poor behaviour from delivery department,they are not calling, even if they call it isn't even ringing for a second,they are playing with the customers ,faced this issue many times, very upset with the app, also the issues are not being effectively resolved,there isn't any means that our problem is being heard properly, which is a major drawback. Thank you
A loyal customer since 2010. When very few knew Myntra. Glad to see how much it has grown and how much better it has gotten. Everything is such hassel-free. Plus I love the filters too. Being an Icon member I enjoy many privileges. Love this app!
Myntra is my go to online shopping app because of it's wide range of products and mostly trending clothes. But the app comes with too many faults. Firstly, this app have too many glitches. It gets stuck mid scrolling and it's so frustrating everytime. Secondly, whenever i like any products and plan on buying it, the sizes are always unavailable for me. I don't understand why the stocks are always so limited and takes too much time to get back in stock. I hope you fix this Myntra :(
The worst application ever. They keep offers and once we order, they will refund our money or gives wrong product. And if we raise a query, they won't even consider our concerns and instead they blame us.
Worst experience, There is a technical glitch where I am not able reedem the gift card I received. Customer care doesnot understand the issue. Significant amount of the money is stuck with myntra. Updated: Even worse. They say query has been resolved and when I click on link it says error fetching issue And I still dont know what has been resolved
In the recent times I have purchased tops and skirts from Myntra and will be buying more winter wears from Myntra.What ever product I have received till now is exactly shown in the image.And it's worth the price.From fitting to looks to price everything product is very stylish and enhances the look.Thankyou Myntra I would highly recommend.5 ⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐
The customer support on the Myntra app is very disappointing. I had an issue with an item, and the responses were slow and mostly automated. Multiple follow-ups didn’t help, and the support felt impersonal and inefficient. Additionally, their return and refund policies are cumbersome and not user-friendly. The poor customer service and policies are unacceptable. I hope they improve this soon.
Would have given this app 5 ⭐ if they had a button to quickly access the wishlist instead of having a button for coupons/Insider. This would be much more user friendly.
I'm using this app from 1½ year . Liked your products and that's it. But please make cash on delivery available for every product. It's an request
Here's a possible review: "Disappointing experience with Myntra! Placed orders worth 30k+ in the last 10 days, but a packet worth 313 rs is missing and customer support is unresponsive. No help in resolving the issue. 1/5 stars until this is addressed."
Fraud app. I have purchased a new jacket and recieved different colour. I am unable to return or exchange my product as these illiterate people are claiming as right product was delivered. #sameonmyntra #worstshoppingsite
Very bad experience. I ordered a product 1st time they didn't delivered and 2nd time same happened. Very bad behaviour. Worst online shopping app. Out for delivery but no attempt for delivery. From this site there are many other app which provides services at any type of product. This is my 3rd time same thing happened to me. I have never seen such a disgusting app.
This is best app for shopping. I have purchased many times and i have got good quality products. Whatever i saw in picture, the product are same as seen in picture. Myntra always provides good products.
Worst shopping experience on Myntra, they're not approving my return request they made me call them 6 times in 6 days still no solution for my problem they themselves did not send any brand and price tag with product now they say it is necessary for return. I'm very disappointed and angry too. Never going to shop for anything on Myntra ever again.
I had ordered shoes which costed at around 2.8K during the discounted price sale. 1 or 2 days prior to the delivery Myntra cancelled the order saying that due to technical issues they had to cancel and now they asking me to re-order again which is now costing at around 7k. If you don't want to offer a product then don't offer but don't do this fake marketing. Really bad experience.
Great variety of products and very convenient delivery and return/refund process. It also offers style and size suggestions, which are very useful. It's my go-to online shopping app.
I didn't get a HRX trouser delivered but they marked there status to Delivered, I have tried to raise a complaint to there Care three times, everytime they open a ticket and close by there own and marked resolved. It's been 20 days now but no help #myntraautority
The app is really great 1. Excellent Ul. The images load without any issues. The screen transitions are smooth. The status messages are spot on. 2. Customer service is great. They're always available and are able to modify your orders from the backend. 3. Delivery is on time as promised. in rare cases, if there's an issue, it's reflected in the app. The user is always up to date. 4 product delivery and returns and payments (and reimbursement) are smooth. 5. Product info is perfect
1. The order I received was entirely different to what I had ordered. 2. It was very very tough to return the order as the pick up agent wanted the original order which I hadn't received. 3. After much hassle, my order was picked up after 4 days. 4. The refund amount was credited immediately by deducting platform fee and dilevery charges ( which was Myntra's fault as it sent me entirely wrong order). 5. The cherry on top is that there is no option to raise further complaint.
Worst online app ever unable to resolve the issue lost my Rs.2500 and the product seems to be unuseful I wouldn't recommend this online shopping app ever to anyone and the overall response from worst myntra is sorry for the inconvenience GO TO HELL MYNTRA
dear all. be careful while shopping with Myntra. they are sending waste and damaged material instead of your valuable and they're not accepting their mistake also. It is impossible to get back your valuable . Instead of this if u want to shop with this fraud master, select COD option only and before paying the delivery boy unbox ur valuables, then make payment. BE ALERT, BE SAFE WITH MYNTRA CHEATERS
Love the app. Service is good Exchange return is easy Customer care service is good using this app from last 8 yrs. Fast delivery
I bought a belt. The images displayed for the product in app are different from one another (like 3 to 4 different belts). It is very confusing to understand what is the actual product. Unfortunately the product delivered is completely different from what images are displayed.it is almost like that for all the belts. Didn't expected this myntra. So careless .
It has been my favourite platform for years. I just loved the available collections and their exchange services. But my recent experience was really bad. I ordered a ptoduct but due to size issue ,I tried to return the product. But they wouldn't take it,first told me its used product and return it in used category and when i tried that,they said not possible. Feels like cheated. Anyway its better to use other platforms where return is easy and fast.Worst experince,thinking of deleting my acc.
Myntra Shopping is no more like it was before. Customer support is worst. Hidden policies and you can't really try and buy there are so many conditions now.
Awful Experience with Mytra! Rating: 0/5 Mytra's service is a total disaster! No delivery attempt, no calls, no updates. Unresponsive customer service. Inflexible policy. Worst shopping experience ever! Avoid them if you value your time and sanity!
Products and delivery policies are good. Previously style exchange was provided which is not available now. Shopping experience will be very easy and better if that service continues. Updating about shipping and prices became slow. Previously updates were on-time.
Worst app ever ! I order dress for my birthday but at First it shows that my order is delayed then my order suddenly cancelled. Will not gonna recommend anyone this app ! Horrible
Myntra is my favorite app. It has all the things available with competitive prices.. Highly recommend it. Even the delivery, returns and exchange are very practically done👍🏼
This app was very good at first not now. It's showing that they had refunded the money but didn't show on mynta wallet. While contacting with customer care they said it's their technical fault. They refunded after I telling them.It happened twice. Also the delivery is very late. The product which I ordered everything was late. Please consider these issues. I'm giving 2 stars because the quality of the products are good. Also the policy and rules are not good.
Dear myntra Your app doesn't support deeplink. I am try to open an item which I see on the Facebook but it landing me on the home page of Myntra app only. Which is causing I am not able to see and buy that item. Please look and resolve it ASAP.
I am totally unhappy with Myntra return services. If u r confident about it, then only buy otherwise go to showroom and buy. Mostly all product on Myntra are B grade product prefer buying from Showroom to have a quality(A grade) product.
It's the worst experience ever The product was to be delivered on 1st of june and the same has not been delivered yet further there is no direct contact with the team and there's no one to talk about the issue and they don't even notify that the delivery will be late. All you can do is track the product by looking at the screen. They provide the chat option for queires which don't even list the issue we actually face neither we are able to write what exactly the issue is. Worst experience😡
The app doesn't show if the product is unavailable it directly cancel the order on the day of delivery. I reordered the cancelled products but again they canceled all of my order. They also have very poor support system. Very unsatisfactory. I would recommend them to show unavailable status on the products which are not available instead of showing them all.
I am a regular customer of Myntra but now I realise that this the worst shopping app. I am facing refund issues from may month. Mistakingly i have ordered a saree on 26th may immediately within 30 min. I cancelled it but I didn't get my refund till now inspite of raising this issue several time to their customer care. Similarly after that I have ordered 1 more saree but it didn't go good on me when I tried so I decided to return but again as usual Myntra's thing I didn't get my refund till now.
Worst experience since last 6 months. I want to put this out so that every one would be aware. I have ordered many cloths from Myntra and since last 6 months they cancel the product at the last moment once its out for delivery. They do this at last moment and they don't take the accountability for same. They say they will provide coupons. But we don't order to get coupon after last minute cancellations. NEVER GONNA ORDER FROM MYNTRA AGAIN. MY PLANS ARE RUINED BECAUSE OF THIS CANCELLATIONS.
Update: I got money back after 6 days for undelivered item. really frustrating process. Amazon, nykaa, Zomato, swiggy give instantly since i spend a lot. This was 1st complaint after around 20 orders. So, definitely made me think twice about shopping from here sadly. Will remember.
I had placed an order which was supposed to reach by 29 July 2024.the delivery person called and I said I'm not at the location and asked to deliver to my neighbour.no delivery was made and pin was not requested.i checked the app and it says item delivered.raised the issue with customer care and Reply from Myntra -As per the confirmationreceived from the logistics team, the order has been delivered to you and the same has been confirmed by you over the call.2 our of my order of 3 nt received
Myntra app is the best shopping app for clothes.The quality of the apparels sold through the app is just excellent which facilitates shopping without any doubt regarding the quality.The return & exchange is also outstanding in comparison to the other shopping app.
Most bad customer care support ever by Myntra. It never give you exact option for problem or manual typing option in chat and at call you select option no. And call automatically shifted to privious options and they never provide you support then I don't understand for what they charge for platform fee if they not provided solutions of problem regarding order.
Utterly disappointed with Myntra. Four of my orders were cancelled due to technical issues, and customer service was unhelpful. I find Ajio to be a more reliable alternative.
Worst app ever .I have ordered the product but didn't delivered yet it supposes to deliver on 20th only but every time iam getting a message it will be delayed & delivery partner has been attempted but no attempt has been made neither I get any call from the delivery partner . There is no support from the team ( myntra) as the issue has been raised multiple times.
I ordered a product from Myntra because it said one day delivery, it got delayed for 9 days and I still haven't received it. The customer care only keeps telling me to wait for 24 hours everytime I call them, they have no idea why my ticket is pending for so long or what action has been taken on it or when I'll get the delivery. To conclude, this is the worst delivery experience I've had, a local illiterate milkman functions more professionally then them. If you are smart, dont order from them.
Shopping with Myntra is horrible nowadays either they never reached out to you for delivery and say that they made multiple attempt but you were not available or if you want to return any item they picked it up from you and then deny that they never picked up the item hence your return request is cancelled and they don't going to pay you back . I was continuously contacting the customer service till the issue raised firstly they said please wait patiently and then lastly denied everything 👎👎👎
The customer service is not good. If you have any problem regarding the product they don't conclude eeasily. They kept decline your claim and forcely putting their decision on the customer. Flipkart Amazon is doing great service and also conclude every matter within 3 to 4 days. Two times my order got misplaced and they are keep delaying it without any conclusions. I paid full amount and once they recieved amount they don't care about if you encounter any problems.
Many options to choose from, a good browsing experience. The seller ships the product on time, again good experience. But the shipped products don't get delivered, a terrible experience. What's the point with having a good collection when ordered products do not get delivered even though after reaching the nearest hub for more than a week.
Having horrible experience since the expansion of their items base. The Basic functionalities have gone to a toss. The options aren't appearing, and all the suggestions to purchase other items are appearing instead. They are trying to be Amazon and incapable of handling the basic functionalities and it's timely resolution. Their Customer Care Executives have only one resolution to the technical glitches: "Please cancel the order and try to re-place it". App is Faulty. Make your base strong.
I have nothing to say about Myntra... it's Just a fabulous online shopping app.All system's are top notch like refund of money.. clothes quality.. delivery timing.brands like H&M and all are available..so according to me Myntra is on top ❤️
Worst app ever. You can't refund money in your bank account. Empty products are delivered. They are thiefs. They tell us that the product you got was checked and delivered safely but the product I got was empty. I contacted customer care number regularly for 11 days continuously, they said that they will return the item but at they last day of return policy at night they messaged me that now we can't do anything regarding your item. That's it. I recommend you to not buy anything from this app.
On multiple occasions, I have received the wrong products in my orders. This recurring issue has been quite frustrating and inconvenient. Furthermore, the process to exchange or refund these incorrect items has proven to be overly complicated and time-consuming.Due to these persistent problems, I am considering using other platforms that offer more reliable services and streamlined processes. It is disappointing to feel this way after placing an order with Myntra
If possible I would have given it a 0 star. I recently order a top and after arriving the product didn't reach the expected quality so I returned it. But I did not get the refund and the return status says out for pickup... it's been 4-5 days since the delivery man picked it up and the status still remains out for pick up. I tried reaching their help center and its of no use. Why the chat based when you can even type your issue. you only get to choose from their given option, its ridiculous.
Worst deliver experince at the time of return. Multiple calls. Return pickup person refusing to come until door step and misleading about time to reach for pickup. Please get in touch for a detailed feedback if you would like to listen and act on it for improvement purpose. I am not motivated to use Myntra again comparing the type of delivery experince provided by many other companies.
I am using this platform for almost 3 years. But there is one major issue they should acknowledge. When I buy clothes on any item they charge platform fee with cash on delivery fee as well. If item is defective or size is not correct when you will return the product they will only give you the product price. But they should refund full money along with platform fee and cash on delivery fee. The do not refund platform fee and cash on delivery fee. Myntra should pay attention in this matter.
One of the best shopping app out there! Love the delivery service and how it's mostly free shipping! Variety of products to choose from. I do not know about the genuiness of skincare products, I order whichever I feel like is the right so one star because there are ppl who claimed the product was fake. Apart from that, a great app. Great fashion to choose from at reasonable prices. Great app with great deals.
Quality has really decreased. Recently purchased a pair of shoes and never even got a call from the delivery guy but it was marked as delivery attempted. Then I was refunded only the amount of the shoes, not the shipping fee nor the platform fee. I just don't understand why I couldn't be refunded the full amount I paid for something I didn't even receive. Never buying from Myntra again. Even reaching their customer service takes an eternity. Amazon is better. Atleast their resolutions are swift.
Myntra App has now become my one stop shop for all the all type clothes, shoes and other accessories. The best part is overall shopping experience on their App, availability of amazing and stylish varieties at affordable prices. I can't imagine buying and browsing through such products on stores and showrooms. I like more products than I actually need to buy - the wishlist option gives the freedom to buy later. It never happened earlier due lesser availablity of varieties.
I have been a customer for many years. Quality of clothes had been great for many years. But nowadays, the quality is getting cheaper. When I placed an order of a kurti worth 725rs, I had a size issue, but they said there would be no exchange for this particular product, so I returned and came to buy it again, but they are now asking for fee shipping worth 99, the customer service was not listening to concern. Next, I bought a kurti for 1799, the quality was cheap and I returned it.
Though I was shopping from this app from last so many years, but now they had disabled my account & cannot order cash on delivery, as a defense personnel we have to change places so was in my case I was not able to accept the order coz of my posting than suddenly they disabled my account on that basis.. That I felt really bad 👎 .. As they should have atleast seen my previous record.. If I deliberately cancel my order.. That is y I have uninstalled this app.. Really bad experience.
Very poor experience with this app. It never delivers products on the mentioned delivery dates. Customer service people did not have any clue when I asked about the delayed delivery and further updates. They simply said that for technical issues, they were unable to check and inform. The same thing happened twice. Even after promising customers to provide express delivery, it gives only disappointments and nothing else. Pathetic service just!
I don't want to give that one star also.... had worst experience.... bought a crop top but received a different product.. they are not ready to take it back worst ... 😡😡😡😡🤬🤬🤬they claimed it as the right product even after sending every single details product photo, barcode, package, bill etc. Never going to shop on this worst app again .. very disappointed
the app is great but the new updates are really confusing. Also if I purchase multiple items then it shows as different orders so if I want to cancel the order due to any reason then it doesn't allow it. Another problem is that there are no change address option available for some items but you should allow change address atleast before the products are in transit.
One of the worst shopping experiences ever. I ordered a dress in red colour of small size and recieved one of red colour in extra large size. Ordered one more outfit in extra small and recieved KL size. When I applied for size exchange, the app was showing that size exchange is not available. I would suggest not to use this app.
I can't trust this shopping app anymore. There is no security for delivery of product. I have ordered one product, and they updates in my account that my product is delivered but I didn't received any product. When i contact them they said "there is no option to raise my query "I lost my money and product both. But they don't care about. Didn't take any action.
I am having problem with the delivery partner.They never reach out to me. When I see at the app it shows delivery failed due to unavailability but I was never contacted. It happened with my 2 to 3 orders and then they automatically gets cancelled. I contacted the help centre but this happened again.
Worst customer service ever. I'm literally so disappointed with the app that I'll be uninstalling it. Like the delivery agent and the costumer service are accustomed with different guidelines and thus coming up with no actual solution. All they do is delay the response and then come up with some illogical response to the query. I'm never using this app again. It is so inconvenient.
why high quality image is not available. i tried many time to untick image optimisation but unable to disable this option. it ruins the quality of image, can't see accurate color and pattern and other details while zooming. while on browser image is shown in high quality which is more accurate.
1. I am not able to directly connect to the customer service agents. When I call, I can only listen to the pre-recorded voice messages, which is frustrating. 2. I think the sale on Myntra is just for name sake and fake, application of coupons is complicated and I can't even apply the coupon. For an item,price shown before placing the order was less,and after confirming it showing a different higher price. Who will talk to us to resolve these issues? Facing bad experience.
My recent experience with Myntra has been bad to extremely poor. I received products without a tag or completely different item. The customer service send an executive who doesn't have proper information. After multiple emails, chats and calls, the order was taken for return. The email team doesn't respond even after multiple follow ups. Chat bot is a bozo. And the credit for return is also not exact to what you pay. Poor service, deleting the app.
Pathetic customer experience, no help from customer support. Inexperienced and rude delivery agents. Order are not delivered on time, refund is not credited on time, coupon codes don't work, super coins are useless, customer support is not trained to deal with customers. The app and service have become terrible lately. I'm deleting the app as soon as my last order is delivered - god knows when.
Worst experience I faced here, Earlier customer care service was good now I'm facing problems while connecting to their service and my issue is not resolved till now. It's frustrating I have tried multiple times but couldn't get my order. Neither accepting the cancellation request nor delivering my order. And they cancel my order on the day of delivery.
Order a lot of stuff from this platform initially, but later one order wasn't delivered for 16 days. Hence, i tried canceling and still they're on it. Haven't received the refund amount yet. Tried calling customer care and ended up getting fake promises. It's been more than a month now. Didn't hear anything from them. Very disappointing and one of the most awful experience. 🙏
Several items now have an extra tag to prevent people from returning after use. These tags are either evidently visible when you wear the dress, or make it very uncomfortable to wear the dress. I can understand the need to prevent people from wearing the clothes before returning. But these tags can also be very uncomfortable to even try the dress to check the fittings and looks of the dress!
I thought the app was really great but the thing I ordered haven't reached me yet even if I've paid the amount. They're saying they've refunded. But I have my transaction history as proof and I've not received refund till now. And also size exchange option has also caused trouble to me. My exchange was cancelled without any reasons and while returning they didn't give me full amount. I've really lost my money. Once I ordered a Kurta and I got 2 of the same and they charged me extra amount .
Myntra used to be good. But now most of the products don't meet the expectations. I have to return most of the products because they doesn't look as good as they look in pictures. I used to trust myntra for its quality but nowadays they sell cheap and low quality products at high prices. And also they stopped my COD and intentionally late the shipping and delivery.
Shopping from Myntra for a long time. Undoubtedly the best fashion app in India. However, recently, the app has become too chaotic. There is so much happening on the homepage, so many unnecessary elements on the PDP, so many unnecessary suggestions, badges, placeholders and what not. No need to use every single feature available for an e-commerce app. Don't make it so complicated. Your UI/UX has always been your flex. Please get back to the simple yet engaging and beautiful design🙏🏻
I hope Myntra allow their customers to talk to the customer service. If the cancellation of order is not possible by you say it before payment. Cancelling an order may be easy. Received the call when a customer calls you and without showing him the options. It is pathetic at the last. I expect a much better relationship. I wished to cancel an order. You did not try to listen why. You sent the item to home knowing that I have cancelled it. I am with a 'good Myntra'.
The worst shopping application I have ever came across. I was using myntra from very long but from past few months the service that they are providing is very pathetic. My order gets picked up from my location but I didn't receive my amount back. This has happened with my 2 orders and both are of bog amount. Also while ordering they don not mention anywhere that instead of hasle free pickup you will be required to self ship the product.
Myntra has been a top pick by me for its range of products offered and platform flexibility. But since last few months, there are delays in delivery of the orders even after the package has arrived to the nearest delivery center in the city. I've faced this issue 4 times till now and still it's been repeating and it's highly dismaying that the problem has not been solved despite giving negative feedback and contacting the customer care. This is a high concern wrt delivery.
Terrible customer service. Terrible experience. Ordered a product (watch + charm), did not receive the watch, and when I raised it in customer service, according to them the product was delivered, so they can't do anything about it. Now I am also skeptical about the authenticity of all the other items purchased from them.
good services by myntra, always deliver items in no time. A well finished products they have, they provides easy return & Exchange option. but I really hate this stupid system they added in payment section where they charge *10 Rs if I pay in cash, it's very wrong because sometimes that *small amount make it hard to buy a essential items but it's ok, manageable.
Horrendous app! Delivery date is almost 15-18 days for an order but they pack it the very next day so that we can't have enough time to pay online when choosing COD option. If you pack items so early, why do you take so long to deliver? On top of that, the cancellation of an item that is only packed is said to take a time of 20 mins but in my case they are taking forever. It's been 1 whole hour. They don't even give good enough discounts nowadays.
It has been my favourite platform for 4 years. I just loved the available collections and their exchange services. But my recent experience was really bad. I placed a return request, 10 times but my product still not be returned.their customer care service provider tell me daily that my product picked up today but no one picked product ..so very bad experience on myntra I give you one star because play store dosen't allow to post any review without one star so its obligation to give you a star
It has been my favourite platform for many years. I just loved the available collections and their exchange services. But my recent experience was really bad. I placed a return request, and they are showing its refunded but i haven't received any refund, even i checked it with my bank account it's not received. I complain about that and they said they will look after this but it's not done yet.
My product was been canceled by the delivery partner for the 2nd time to report this issue I tried reaching the customer care at Myntra which is really a bad experience, the call never gets connected to the executive it's the the repetitive IVR which just a waste of time, however the IVR responded that the call is getting connected to the customer support but no one was there I waited for 15 mins. The delivery person is the King here they can just cancel your order any time they feel.
Worst customer service, worst order return policy. It has happened with many a time order stays in transit for 10-11 days after that suddenly it shows it got cancelled due to unforeseen circumstances. You don't get full refund you don't get platform fees back you don't get money utilitiesd with coupon code back. If you call customer service firstly they will have a huge list of IVR that and won't connect you to customer care executive.Even if you connect forgot about getting any solutions-5star
I have been facing too many problems on Myntra lately. Their customer support is very inefficient and the phone number to contact support just keep repeating the same thing on loop and doesn't connect to any agent. On chat support they just keep pasting the same few messages over and again.
It used to be my fav and go to shopping app but I've recently faced so many issues with my order delivery plus there are so many bugs in the app! And on top of that the customer service is pathetic! There's no way to get in touch with the team either the agents are always busy or they don't pick up! Worst experience!
Most of the products are either used or first copy of the brands , secondly lots of mistakes by the sellers and platform, even in case of faulty delivery they will still deduct multiple components during refunds , as a platform they have zero accountability for customer satisfaction. Lastly their customer support isn't their resolve customer problems but say no to every customer query. Pathetic platform in short.
The worst online shopping app I have ever used. It is not user friendly. There is no option for cancellation. If we chat then also no proper we can't ask any questions. In cal the cancellation option is not working. When we press 3 according to the command in the voice call they again repeat the same options.The tracking is also not proper. It won't deliver items in the given date.
So what they are doing is charging 20rs platform fee on every transaction. If you order items separately then you pay the platform fee and get the item quickly. But if you buy things collectively and don't pay them platform fee for every transaction separately, then the delivery time (which is at an earlier date in the description) gets automatically delayed by 5-7 days. So either EVERYONE pays 20rs extra, or you get your order delayed as a punishment for not paying the platform fee.
Very very worst app I've never seen before.worst logistics team and customer support. They didn't approve return easily and if the return was approved, they didn't initiated for refund. If we ask for refund, they are told like your return was not picked up. So we can't proceed for refund. My return was approved before 20 days and till now I didn't get my refund. Think before bought from this app. There are lots of cheating seller's was there and sending cheap and old products to the customers.
Myntra charges random fees, which are not mentioned beforehand when you try to return their products. Very uncooperative customer service. I ordered a dress. There was no mention of return fee while ordering it. Previously they used to show it in the checkout section. I checked all the return details before ordering. Not a word regarding the return fee was mentioned there. Now when I tried to return my product, they deducted the money. And refused to help me regarding my queries.
While I'm ordering something from the app I made the payment through my card . Payment was successful from my side but order didn't get create and when I reach to customer service they told me they didn't receive the payment they cancelled it and my payment should come back to me and now it's the 24 th day and all they are telling me to wait and nothing else. And I just learned never make prepaid orders
Myntra has started charging platform fee which is fine. But if am returning an order then i should get the platform fee refunded as well. It is disappointing to see that we are being charged for product that was returned. Really disappointed, I will rather purchase from some other shopping apps.
This is not Myntra Shopping this is Digitally scamming app First They give offer when you purchase the item they will cancel it and your amount will be deducted after that if you ask them they will tell they didn't canceled it after that they will credit our amount to Myntra credit balance which you can't withdraw One of the best way to loot money.
Don't like it. Most of the time delivers used products. Delivery charges even above 500rs order. Much better apps are available with free delivery for 300rs orders. Not at all recommend. And if you compare the price of the same product it is over priced in mintra. You will get the same product 100 to 400 rs cheaper in other apps, same quality same brand. Its charges are much extra compared to other apps available in this competitive matket. So, its a big no to use mintra for shopping.
Selling used clothes at discounted prices. People buy just looking at discount. I recommend wash clothes before use. Never once received fresh new product. Check product, received similar looking fake products as well. Application needs a bit more work, wishlist loads slowly. App is stuck for a while when returning back from payment site.
I have been a regular customer for almost a decade. This organization has lost its charm. Last year, I ordered 80+ products, out of which 72 products were accepted by me after verifying the products post delivery. Only 8 -10 products had some issues, for which I had to initiate exchange/return. Last 2 deliveries, I wanted to return but was unable to do so. My request has been canceled. Myntra wants: All products to be accepted by customers. No -ve reviews. Delivering 3-4 yr old stock prod.
Absolutely worst service!!! Returning the order or exchange is a nightmare with you people!! The delivery person barely calls and keeps rescheduling until the return deadline arrives and that's it you can no longer return your order!!!!! Even small businesses have better return service that Myntra!!!
Best in terms of product quality and collection. But very disappointed as new user of Myntra. The app crashes a lot, I mean A LOT! Each time I have to uninstall and install again. Very poor software or whatever the issue is. Team it's high time you fix the crash or people will prefer not using it instead of installing it 1000 times.
Bad experience recently rather I should say misleading. They don't provide any details of charging a return fee while placing order then for each time returned they charge whopping 50rs. And mind it they have already taken delivery fee. Robbing customers now while they can't be transparent with their fee structure because they know customer won't buy with them in the first place. Pathetic! Even if you want to charge let the customer know beforehand clearly.
Twice, I ordered a product and received a different design than what I selected (Inspite of clearly mentioning the reason for exchange). This is very frustrating. Please address your fulfillment processes. It's called lack of attention to details & understanding responsibilities. Worst Experience! Never expected this from Myntra.
I had an extremely disappointing experience with the customer care support. They falsely marked my item as delivered, even though I never received it. To make matters worse, when I reached out for assistance, the customer care service was unhelpful and provided no support. This feels like a blatant scam. Avoid this company at all costs!
Worst policy of open box verification. The delivery agent will open the box infront of you and not let you try and you have to decide then and there only if you want to keep it or not. Your ordeal will not end there. If you choose to reject the order they will not cancel the order nor let you do so from the app but keep on re attempting delivery every day irritatingand annoying you.. I used to love Myntra but now think it's high to move on to other apps. They are now running new fraud schemes.
Worst app ever, please don't use myntra credit , the instant credit and all are BS , worst customer service 😑 utterly disappointed with whole app , we can't even able to reach the customer service ,they keep telling all their people are occupied and busy for the last two days , I've emailed my concern but no response there , worst ever , you don't even deserve that one star , and the products are cheap material definitely not worth the trouble, please help me with my refund
Myntra is easy and elegant to navigate, making online shopping a breeze. However, some products that are available in the official brand stores are often out of stock on Myntra. It would be great if Myntra could restock popular items more quickly. Despite this, shopping on Myntra has many benefits compared to other sites.
Want the Amazon/Nykaa type reviews section — delivered, thanks! More feature requests: - follow brands - save filters (eg, dress in pink) so I can come back to it when I open the app. It can be in recents as well. Similar to how MakeMyTrip does it. - save account filters (eg, I never ever wanna wear polyester or a brand called X). Having to set it multiple times again is pain
They cannot address a single problem when there is a mistake from their delivery person. I've called the customer care, they told me to mail, when I mailed the support team, they are replying that the it's outside the time window. Pathetic Service, will uninstall the app soon. Will never buy anything until they resolve the issue.
Earlier the app was good but now it has become worst. For no reason, return is charged 50 rupees per item even there was no mentioning of same. Also it's been 5 days and the app is still showing out for pickup. Also, customer care doesn't work in app and automatically says that the issue has been resolved.
I have 4884 rs item in my cart after applying all discount it should be 4072 but due some bug cart value is only showing less amount but the total amount is the same. I have tried to call customer care but all the time they put the call in hold and after 5-10 min they cut the call by themselves. So bad experience 😔 not expected
Absolutely worst App. The products delivered were old and used clothing and one was torn & reviews were rejected. 2 items in my cart were marked as delivered and were never delivered. They could not give proof of delivery or refund the amount. The customer support team did not give their name in full and the manager disconnected my chat and marked the complaint as resolved. After requesting for call back and a response from a higher management to call back, there was still no call.
When I ordered 1 item it was showing 365/- rs for set of 2 pack and when I received this order and make payment they have requested amount of 402/- rs which is totally wrong...When we discussed this issue with the Myntra team they said that there were certain charges which were not showing on screen but applied during the time of payment...As the product is non returnable. As of now I'm not able to return this. This is not acceptable as products all charges should be mentioned on the screen
Costomer care of this app is worst, there's no option for talking with real people just bots with limited queries and solutions...I made an order for a product and later saw it was expired 4 months ago ...now I have no choice but just to wait for the expired product to be delivered and then exchange which will cause more than a week.... total time waste....
The customer service was extremely poor. Calls were placed on hold for 30 minutes and then disconnected without any notice. I purchased a jacket 10 days ago, but it was oversized. I requested an exchange the same day I received it. However, the pick-up was rejected because they claimed it was a used product. I wasn't home, so I spoke with the delivery person over the phone, and he said I received a used product. worst experience ever...
Had a very bad experience with Myntra. Placed an order and money was debited and not only was the order cancelled with no information or notification but also no information was given about refund until I called customer service today. Their only excuse was "network issue". Extremely disappointed. Will think twice before ordering from this platform again.
Extremely misleading ads, the super coins is a complete eye wash. They've made me redeem my coins twice and never gave the offer. There better apps available providing genuine consumer service. Highly disappointed with this brand. Cheating regular customers, worse customer service.
Mytra had stooped down in their service and trust worthiness... delivering the wrong products or canceling the products happened 4 times this month. I am very disappointed for spending time, and they also charge 20rs platform fee for each purchase. Got another product which was of wrong size delivered today ( 25-05-2024). When contacted customer care got the same reply that you can return the product. No point in speding time and money.
It has been my favourite shopping aap from last 5 year's but my recent experience is too bad. I have ordered products and they have cancelled it without giving me any reason not only that but they didn't even refunded my amount. When I'm trying to connect to customer support team on call I'm facing technical issue they are not even connecting me with the team. Then I have tried to connect to chat support team but don't know why they are also not responding properly.
Horrible frustrating experience on myntra. Ordered 6 trunks, received only 1! Paid online for the first time & got a single trunk with a bill for all 6. Complained & waited 8 days for them to insist all items delivered. Even insisting then to see the proof, they didn't care. Switching back to offline shopping. Please stay away from these platforms. This might happen to you too.
Horrible shopping app. Once you make an order and cancel it for some reason, they won't refund you and always ask for the bank details saying that bank details are incorrect. They provide no resolution for the above issue.
Though the products you get are good, the customer service is the worst out of all the apps out there. They just know how to torment their customer. I am a regular online shopper, I have never had this much issue in customer service in any other app!! 11/06/2024: I have already talked to their customer service again. They dont have any intention of providing any resolution
Myntra's services are getting very bad, even after being a regular customer, so many problems are coming up, sometimes they stop the cash on delivery service, sometimes they do not give full refund. Even after being a regular customer, for some days, full refund is not given for 2-3 of my products and after that the option of pay later is also closed and the option of cash on delivery is also closed or the product is also not delivered on time.
Horrible experience no reply over a complain mail. I had ordered a vyb fastrack wrist watch. A wrong product was delivered. Therefore I requested a return of the product by uploading the images as requested by the app. The pick up was denied as the product image did not match. The call centre is also not responding properly. Ever details are already given. Kindly initiate the return ASAP with correct picture of the wrong product Just how long will it take to return the parcel. Initiate refund.
Worst app ever and worst experience They will give u coupon and when you use it then they will cancel the order at the 11th hour saying that order cancelled due to technical issues. Moreover , they will make you wait for 10 days then they will eventually cancel it. Better to go for Flipkart or amazon Thank me later
Very bad experience. Placed my first order ,took about 20 days then they said it has been cancelled and the coupon I used the first time on the item was also not given back to me. Pathetic. Really don't care about the customers. Just care about selling items to you.
Disgusting customer service. I received a parcel with a missing product. Now they are neither sending the order nor refunding my money. Everytime they give a new deadline and then don't meet it. Everytime I complain they tell me to wait for either 24 hours or 72 hours and they ghost me. When I complain again, same thing happens. Wasted my money and time. Don't ever order something for this app. Amazon has a much better customer service. Boycott this app.
Very awful customer service I received a defective product ( missing & even rhe only piece I recieved was different from product) OKAY NO PROBLEM BUT WHEN I REQUESTED RETURN FOR IT. THEY ARE JUST TRICKING ME & WASTING TIME BY SAYING WE WILL LOOK TOWARDS IT. They one time picked up the defective product but then returned it again. I HAVE LITERALLY SUBMITTED 7-9 RETURN REQUESTS. THE PICK UP DAY IS SHOWN NOW 14 JUN BUT IT IS 18 JUN & NO ONE CAME FOR PICK UP.
Don't buy any electronic products in myntra because when we ordering any product it's showing option return & exchange available but after receiving product that option will gone in app. Customer care service also worst. Not connecting and not answering properly. Don't waste your money to buy products on myntra.
This is really unsatisfied service. All items that I ordered that are cancelled & they don't even respond me, they just cancel the order & don't focus on the customers. And even if try to reach, they don't even respond,they don't have direct facility for talking with customer.
I have been a loyal Myntra customer for years, but my recent experiences have been nothing short of frustrating. Despite multiple attempts to give them the benefit of the doubt, the constant delays in delivery have become unbearable. Every order I place ends up being delayed, with little to no communication from Myntra. The expected delivery dates are always pushed back, and customer service offers no real solutions or compensation. It's incredibly frustrating to have to chase down orders. worst
Just useless sale offers. I ordered two pairs of sketchers shoes at almost 65% discount, they cancelled the order even after confirmation. And I didn't even received any text message. But if customer wants to cancel after confirmation that is not feasible. But myntra's dealers can cancel anytime. Not done.
This is a good app for those, who are frequent buyers, but when there a is sale and after ordering few items , I got message that my order is cancelled due to unavoidable reasons. Myntra have not given any proper reason for cancellation. Worst experience
Lot of trouble with service. The app shows that my product is delivered, but i didn't receive any. Adding to it, 2 of other products was delayed and I didn't get any information regarding that. Highly disappointed. Hate the customer service. Seriously, AI?
Worst experience.. I have prepaid the cost of the goods... But they haven't delivered it yet and given no option to cancel the order.. there help service is pathetic... They are just looting the money of the customer... This is first experience with Myntra and I am frustrated it with .. it gives a lesson that never pay before receiving your order in your hands ...
It's totally pathetic and disgusting app. When I returned an item they didn't give full refund, they deducted shipping charges and platform fee of total 99rs. Other online platforms don't deduct such charges they give full refund. And ofcourse Flipkart is more better than this. Hence, i am uninstalling the app and i don't recommend it to anyone.
The app had been good, but it has now developed certain prejudicial technicalities regarding the customers. In spite of being a prolonged customer, it is being felt, now a days, that the app declines to work in need and unpredictable conditions are conferred on offers. It is very disappointing.
Myntra has turned it into such an awful app. I can't log into my account. it just shows server problem. i have tried mutiple times and when i try the site the return page doesn't work it shows no page when i go for confirming the return. SUCH A SCAM COMPANY, THIS IS. I can't even talk to the agents coz they have removed the call feature. They are robbing people.
Very very worst app.dont buy anything from here. They will not deliver the product as per expected date. Last 2 days status is showing out for delivery even i ordered express but they couldn't deliver the product even they charged extra money for express.
Toll free service number will only provide you the option but no connection, and the chat option will rout you to connect on toll free, Just routing here and there. They canceled my order by giving the excuse that order got damaged in transit and as a good will provided the same coupen which was already available in the accound for new account.
Myntra has been a great experience for me ....its hassle free,and i shop a lot from myntra. The one thing they have changed that i dislike is their super coins policy which have been changed like, now we have to redeem 2000 super coins in exchange of 500 rs voucher which is too much . Its just that we as a shopper get excited in such small coupons or vouchers. Please change the supercoins policy back . Thankyou Myntra.
Poor service. Myntra suddenly stopped delivering products at my area pincode calling it unserviceable although all others apps are delivering very well and fine at the same pincode. When I reported the matter via email and customer service, got no help in this regard. They din't accept their mistake and kept saying that the pincode is not serviceable. Myntra needs to improve it's service and work on providing better solutions rather than blaming other factors.
I am very disappointed because I have been using it for years or I did not expect that myntra would do this to me. I bought a product worth so much money but they sent me the wrong product. Now I have so much trouble despite paying my own money. I'm trying to connect with the customer care but no help coming from their side? Myntra's level has fallen quite low. It's time to uninstall this app and switch to another trustworthy shopping app!!!
The only preferred app for buying clothes online I choose. Myntra is most reliable, trustworthy, easy to use with multiple styles, various brands and attractive offers. Easy to buy, exchange and return with sure money return. quality is guaranteed. Not only cloaths but also jwellery and cosmetics or any craft gifts... anything you wish for is available here. Affordable for all class of people. No doubt for its utility. Once you use it there is no going back. Must go for it. 👍
I ordered some products from this app, delivery of my product is on 1 day I tried to reach them by chat & I raised a complaint also the complaint regards delay in delivery, in app or is showing delivery attempted but actually not, from past 2 days it is happening, they giving pathetic service what I have never expected from big platform like this, there no proper tool reach our delivery executive, I have tried many ways, very worst service, past 2 days showing out for delivery from 2-3kms radus
Login issue not resolved since the stone ages. My sim didn't got OTP due to network issue and I'm now locked out for 30 min already. I've never linked my email so I can't use reset password option also. Dumbest longin issue this app has 0 support.
I've been a Myntra customer since 2018, and it's disappointing to hear that despite being a premium member, their customer service seems to provide the same standard responses to everyone. It's disheartening to learn that they treat both regular and premium customers the same. It makes me question my investment in this app over the years.
To many glitches in this app Earlier it was my favourite app but recently all my orders are delayed. It's been 16-20 days I had already made the payment but not received yet and when I am trying to cancel the order, it's not cancelling. Even I called customer support but they just mention that wait for 24 hours . Wrost experience with myntra
Love to shop on myntra.Everything related to fashion,style and personal need everything is available with great discount.
Earlier the app and service were top notch, now from the last few months, their services have downgraded, they provide different size of your product and then make it out of stock when you want to exchange it, and while purchasing they give you offer like no return coupon in which you get small discount, and if you go for it they send you different product and then make the product out of stock. Worst services ever, pathetic.
There is some issue with the App, I am not able to cancel the duplicate order, because of the App issue the order got placed twice, there is no option for cancelling the order. This issue should be fixed. I uninstalled and reinstalled the App still the same issue.
I had previously rated Myntra 4 stars, but I'm downgrading to 1 star, and if negative stars were an option, I'd choose that. The recent offers seem deceptive. If you apply a discount and later return the item due to dissatisfaction or size issues, they deduct the discount amount from your refund. For instance, if an item costs ₹900 and a ₹300 discount was applied, they only refund ₹600. This feels like unfair and unclear policy. Additionally, reaching customer care is frustrating due to the comp
Myntra's return policies are too much complicated and third class. I will never purchase from this app. I ordered dresses but because of size fitting issues wanted to exchange it but always it is showing that the size I want is unavailable. And now unwillingly I'll have to use those dress. This app is total waste of time and money.
Very bad app , I was there regular customer, I was seeing a watch for buying but when I went to order within a few minutes, they increased the prices, worst worst worst app ever, never will i order from your app , You broke my heart, i wanted to buy the watch.
They sent me damaged product and they didn't even exchange it. Moreover I called them every single day for raised complaint for it. At the end they just said they can't help me with this problem. So I hv to keep that damage product. Huda beauty eyeshadow palette whose cost is around 2600 I just lost it coz i received damaged product so please don't buy from this app
I have been a Myntra user since 2021-22. My total super coins are 288. Or I was surprised that I had become an icon member but after updating the app I found out that I have become an insider again. When I talked to the senior manager, he was not agreeing and was ignoring all my queries.It was my favorite shopping application but I want to tell everyone that it is all fake.The senior manager(Utsav) directly said that if you do not use myntra after reaching the elite level, you will become an ins
Very pathetic customer service lately, can't exchange the product even though the product and size is available, and displayed as eligible to exchange or return in 14days . Forced to return product and place new order for higher price instead of exchange. NO hassel free exchange PATHETIC. Ivr options doesn't list actual issue very limited options of issues IN CHAT. AUTO generated return no options to call customer care. Very ridiculous poor disappointing customer service
Such a horrible experience I'm going through from this app..I shopped so many things through this app..bt this time I got disappointed..I purchased 4 items on 27th May.Due to quality issues I have returned them.Even I have got the messages of initiation of my refund but it has not reflected in the bank account. I'm worried more about because it is said on the app of my device that the refund has been credited instantly. The total amount is 1383.Kindly figure this out..
Nice service authenticity regarding brands and good quality products are available just price is very high they show which is not actual , and provide a higher %age off which is fake...
Ordered 8 tops and received 7 tops paid full price and doesn't received 1 top. Even the invoice is also showing delivery of 7 tops but app is showing delivered..... I tried to reach you at the said email but didn't get any response....... Please resolve this issue it is really bothering me....
Due to incorrect size we ordered we have returned few items back and requested for exchange. But, bad thing is they have blocked my account and said due to violation of return policy blocked it. That's fine.. But thing is I have 2000rs in their wallet and they are not willing to settle my single Paisa. After a long process, they have sent only 10rs to my account and said they will not process any settlement no more.. Is this a fair policy from MYNTRA..?? Very bad experience.. #AVOIDMYNTRA 🙏
Worst application and company. They have worst return service. Please don't use this application. They are scammer. They are showing return available and not sending anyone to pickup the return. And in last they are saying customer is not available that's why return is failed.
I placed an order on Myntra on 27th May. The amount was debited from my account, but I have not received any confirmation about my order via SMS. I have called customer care multiple times, and they have informed me that my order is not confirmed, and I will receive a refund within 48 hours. It's been more than 2 days no refundreceive and I have also sent an email to Myntra customer care, but they have only asked me to wait for 70 hours. I have sent another email, but there has been no response.
pictures are blurry,,Myntra is great with the clear-cut pictures to see minute details in every product,,but recently I've installed it in new mobile and the entire pictures in the app are not so clear,, I've reinstalled it again but no change ,, please look into it,,, except this issue everything in Myntra is great 👍
This is so ridiculous of Myntra to cancel my order 1 day before. I invested lot of my time finding the products and making sure I will get it in 3 days. If you can't deliver them then don't accept the order. They cancelled day before delivery. I ordered it for my trip and it's like I can't place order for any other app as I just have 2 days left for my trip. And lame thing is they will give you 100 rupees of token to console your frustration. Like seriously!!! Customer needs good service.
There is no time discipline. No response to customer queries. The order was delayed by two to three days. We weren't able to gift it on the important event. Don't order in it incase it needs to be delivered in time. We ordered gift packing but they didn't even do just that and even charged a little extra.
I had ordered a dress but it got cancelled by Myntra . It came again and I paid for it, but the dress is very big and now I don’t see any return option. It has been more than a month,I am messaging again and again but no one is helping me, he is just asking for time. I was going to wear that dress to a wedding but it was so big that I couldn't buy another dress Because return option was not showing That's why I couldn't return it I had to wear old clothes and my money also got wasted.
Worst app, they send fake and wrong products then do not accept returns for wrong products delivered. Despite several emails and calls no action was taken. All they could say was we have checked and we understand but cannot do anything about it. They refused to even share the video proof for right product shipped which they were claiming to have investigated through. And all this after being a regular customer for such a long period. Never buying again.
I'm extremely frustrated with Myntra. I ordered two bags and had to return them due to their poor quality. The delivery agent collected both bags but never submitted them to the warehouse, and I haven't received any refund. Despite raising a complaint, the customer service has been utterly useless, constantly giving me future dates with no resolution. It's been 20 days, and now my complaint isn't even showing in the app. This feels like a blatant scam to make money by cheating customers.
I ordered bottle but got damage product then I did return it & order again and got same defective product as it is. This is so terrible experience & means they are sending others returned defective or demage product to customer.
Very bad experience with Myntra service.. order cancellation option disappear without picking up the return item and customer care not ready to accept it. Just looted money..
I am long time customer of myntra, before my experience was good but now days some.time they deliver wrong n wrost quality product n when they deliver wrong item ,during exchange delivery boy reject the wrong item .it's very irritating..quality of products also not upto the mark...
Support staff are only there to say sorry or extremely sorry. They don't have the access of database for bank offers. Bank offers that was displayed at the time of placing order are not applied.
I have been a customer of Mantra for 12 years but last time the order they sent 4 products very poor quality and used product. I tried for a month to return the item but they refused to accept the return.so no more use of myntra.
This is brand clothes and very much nice I can like tops dresses😊/ one request to Myntra......... please do low price of tops because poor people buying thish products but rate issue is not buying so.... keep low price tops and buy everyone's take it.......
Don't buy earbuds or any electronic products from Myntra because service centre not accepted warranty if you purchase on Myntra. Recently I purchased oppo enco air 2i earbuds and service center not accepted warranty. If you want to purchase on Myntra first ask service center warranty cover or not.
Worst experience with this application I ordered 2500/- suit instead of that they delivered 200/- t-shirt I raised the complaint but there is no solution for my problem and the customer service is saying we can't help you sorry sir I lost my money. This is my second time why this guys are doing like that there is no correct answers for customers questions. Worst worst worst application 🤬
Great aap...what ever the product it may be ,the product will be amazing quality.great UI experience.amazing collection.
One of the wrost experience with order , placed on 16 July still in transit from last one week on same location shown in app . They don't provide the right detail of courier . Talked several time to help desk of Myntra and they are not able to give answer and asking to wait . What is this nonsense. .... I think machi market is more organised then Myntra and there sellers .
Found bug: 1. On scrolling the items the tooltip is having UI issue. 2. Incorrect number shown for items listed
These platform too easy where you can choose both according to your choice and price. This site is very beneficial for people. I'm very happy with this site.
This app is very good all products are very nice with reasonable price BUT this app only allows reviews which are positive negative reviews are always declined so I would recommend do not use this app for buying any branded products instead use their original websites untill they fix this thing it is professionally very wrong practice please look into it
I bought many dresses,all collection is very different , design and patterns very very good, personally i like Inddus brand . there is no need to worry about quality of fabric .
Worst shopping app.. Myntra return policy is very bad... some brands are don't provide brand tags in parcel ...and then we return they don't accept returns request...I don't like this app...and costumer service is very bad
Worst application and not working properly & not user friendly. When products gets damaged while receiving it, unable to return or exchange the damaged product. Exchange option is not working, customer care option not working & some buttons not working while clicking on it and it is frustrating.
Myntra is a such a help full online shopping platform for those who don't have time for shopping. It's a trust worthy platform ♥️ Genuinely Myntra sells original product,and it's product quality and price is just wow😍
Last time I purchased a product and wanted to return it I couldn't do so because the number in seal tag was different. After raising ticket about the same the product was picked up. But after that delivery agent called me to say that he was not able to return it to Myntra office because of mismatch in seal tag number. I contacted Myntra again but they said they did not receive the product so no refund was provided. After a month of constant complaining only I received refund.
They are doing fraud .... Myntra doesn't accept any return request while they are sending wrong product . Don't download it .. go to meesho, Flipkart, Amazon etc instead of it. Even Meesho is too good than Myntra.
Hands down the best and most convenient app with a good return policy and quality products. The only issue is late or no restocking when the items go out of stock. I have been eyeing a kurta for over a month and am not able to buy it. Please look into the matter.
Versatile and Beautiful collection and best customer service also. I've been a customer for years, but I'm kind of disappointed with the only fair-skinned models. I am a dusky girl and felt hesitant to choose. Please include models of all skin tones. It will definitely help others :)
I m sharing my experience it's always been amazing. Whenever want to buy something trendy clothes and in reference to quality. I always prefer Myntra
Now onwards I don't trust myntra, they invested so much in advertising and marketing but they forget the main core of any business the customer handling , they don't resolve the issue , instead of resolving the problem they just keep on repeating the same thing like robots, they are simply just human robots, and the delivering agent was so rude everytime, they don't no how to talk with customers the and the main thing is refund nhai Hota Hai know myntra also comes under the worst shopping app
Myntra is lovely app i love myntra for many reasons it's best then any other shopping app for me myntra is the better , I'm editing my reviews because this is to much now Myntra is taking to much charges like shipping fee platform fee I don't know wt so evr😡
Worst experience with the app. I ordered a dress and they didn't deliver on time. Costumer service is also not giving proper resolution for the issue. Its been 2 weeks and still didn't get the parcel. Had worst experience and no assurance from the service side.
The delivery boy had come to pick up the item on 6/9/2024, as I had requested to return it. While returing the item, he said that there is no brand name sticker on the item, hence I am unable to pick it up. I said I had received an item without a brand name, and I am returning it. He said sorry and suggested contacting customer care. Customer care also gave assurance to pick up the return item before June 11, 2024. Still, complaint has not been resolved.third class customer service. 👎🏻
Best Shopping app so far!! Hassle free delivery, easy returns & fabulous range of products!! Thank you Myntra!!
I am using this app since few years but recently i faces issue in exchange due to wrong myntra app product heading & description. I tried to contact twice but after taking my complaint they just close my complaint with resolving it. Very bad customer service. Surely, I will not use your app again. It is not about money but my time. I don't have much time to follow up again and again.
Myntra is making fool us. They are changing delivery date. While selecting a product delivery date is showing one day delivery and after placing the order it is changing to 2 or 3 day. Same for other orders as well. At the time of placing of order delivery date was showing 23rd and after placing the order it is changed to 26th to 28th, what is this????
The seller is deceiving us by sending the incorrect product through myntra. Despite reporting the issue, myntra claimed that the product had passed quality checks and therefore could not be returned. The fraudulent seller is receiving support from the deceptive myntra app, resulting in a disappointing customer resolution.
The Best of all shopping apps in all aspects. Good discounts, good quality, good interface and good customer support.
The annoying ads in all apps , I'd I touch anywhere its opening a chrome page and Myntra app . Wish we can raise a complaint that it's doing this ,so annoying i cancelled the orders I made and holded the items I m about to buy .
I love shopping on Myntra! They have a great range of products to choose from at great prices/ discounts and also have return/ exchange offers on most of the items.
Refund issue, not at all refund the amount, everytime I contact them. Just fake promises by saying iam here to to help you, tell me your quarries. Makes us to wait for 48 hr, it's repeating everytime. Since from 1 month myntra costumer service agents are fake promising me.
The customer care is not at all cooperative at all.The ordered i bought was not of higher amount but still the amount matters for me. A price tag was missing from my order for which they rejected the delivery of exchanged product.. There is nothing like customer satisfaction. Similar incident happned with my shoes(worth 2500)ordered via Myntra the shoes box was in a damaged condition for which the team refused to get my product changed inspite of too many complaint and waiting for 20-25 days...
This app has good n branded products. All time favorite app. Only thing I don't like is platform fee n shipping fee. If one is ur regular customer then u should not charge these fees.
Worst shopping app ever when you try to exchange or return the product.Recently I ordered shoes it is smaller in size so I tried to exchange it for bigger one, they are declining it again and again claiming it as used one.I never used it I even uploaded the images, called myntra help team no use of them ,disable the help option if you guys unwilling to help.Even I contacted the senior agent he literally hanged up , this is how you treat your customers?.Taking there money and refuse to help.worst
Not a good experience, Myntra failed to update the status properly for a product, because of this reason I lost 434 rupees. This is the first time, but they seriously need to check their partner's credibility.
Don't know what has happened to the team Myntra in last few months. These guys have become highly unprofessional. Wrong delivery, delayed delivery and delayed or no pickup these are pretty common now. Customer care is useless and reponds with same scripted answers. And expect 5 star rating for don't know what.
The worst shopping app. They are literally scammers. First they lured me by giving 400 off on my first order that should have minimum value of 1099 but after some time they increased the minimum order value. I'm never ordering from this app.
I had been Myntra customer for more than 7 years. But now it seems they do not care much about their customers. Even after selecting wrong product delivery n size issues , the delivery agent declined taking away product back. V disappointed!!!
Only suggestion, Loading takes time and please change loading screen colour or style.. white screen is too disturbing to watch after each selection.
I have ordered a product on 11 July and was supposed to get it by 14 July ... Yet there is not update on the same.. have been calling the care daily but ther is no update on the app since 19 July 24... Very bad experience... As ther is no resolution each n every person in the team is just saying wait for 24hrs and it will be resolved...
Myntra service is very good .Delivery is always on time and their packaging is environment friendly.The products sell on Myntra always has a best quality like fabric and fitting is very nice . The product shows on phone same delivery to your address means their is no change in colour.
A disappointing treatment to a ELITE customer of 8 years! I have received different coloured products than what I have ordered! But now when I am asking help fromnthe support staff its been 10 days with same incorrect delivery. Your reviews aren't approved because they don't like hearing their incompetence. Disheartening!
Guys switch to other apps available like meesho, Ajio or any other. Myntra is now start charging platform fee+ delivery fee and moreover in some product they start arguing with us over exchange or return. This type of behavior with customer shouldn't be tolerated. I have been associated with myntra since 2012 but now it's too much. Very much upset with their charges and response.
Myntra is a scam. Their delivery agents never do the exchange delivery attempt more than once. If you failed to be at home on 1st attempt they never do 2nd and mark it as quality fit check issue. The customer supports is just for sake but never actually helps to resolve your issue. Even being elite members we constantly have to reach out to them for 7 days yet the fail to do 1 simple task of exchange forcing us to accept the situation and accept the useless product as they may not fit.
☆NEW MYNTRA APP SCAM 2024☆ Many fraud sellers are now in mytra. 1)They never sell the product or deliver the product instead they just give you false scam message "attempt failed" 1) Never pay online(they will never deliver the product)they will hold the money for many days if paid online & need to beg for the refund.So use COD 2)Refund will be credited after 2 days of cancellation. Amazon & other good sites will refund within 1 or 2 hours 3)No updates from myntra unless you call them and beg.
Money got debited on 6 th of july. I tired to reach customer,worst response. Email support is worst,they don't even respond. If only myntra spend some money on improving support team instead of spending crores on ads. I'm tired of asking back my own money.
Very nice app, it's also suggests perfect size to us. And regularly notify about offers midnight sales are amazing for budget.
I have been buying from myntra for the last 6 years. There is a great variety at affordable prices and reasonable rates. I do recommend myntra online shopping.
The worst shopping app is yours, I used this app by mistake, I will never use this app in my life again, these idiots should learn something from Flipkart about how delivery happens on time and I have never seen such a worthy thing from you till now, you idiots totally disappointment They should get a minus rating, they should close themselves
Worst customer support don't buy stuffs from myntra i wanted to return product and when the delivery guy came i was not home and in the app they will try tomorrow to pick up and next day he marked in the system that the product what they are expecting to return is not in condition what they expect and he never came to pickup only in the itr menu while call they are not mentioning that product how can you get support for this
These days they stopped accepting the returns for false reasons and they put it on hold for weeks and had to raise multiple chats and calls , support is really poor. The cancelled item refund is also delayed , earlier myntra was not like this They are not valuing their customers these days
Love the app.. it's just that i dont like when i'am scrolling through the products there is unnecessary music and when it interrupts my music or stoped it.
My experience on Myntra has been super amazing.I never had any issue regarding returns,refunds or wrong product delivery.Myntra is the best platform to choose for all your fashion needs.I prefer Myntra for all my favourite brands.Thank you Myntra for providing us such an amazing and shop with ease platform.
No complaints about deals but services are worse. Lack of internal communication at Myntra. Sometimes your profile gets deleted automatically and when you call for further information they simply say don't know
Trying to reach out on help center for a week now. My prepaid order is sent as COD. And sending it again and again with COD. No live proper chat , no live help on customer care phone number. AI is pathetic. Banging on wall. Want my refund.
These guys are scamsters, packing products without tag and when delivered, echange becomes an issue. I ordered a jeans of size 36 costing 3000 rs. Then I requested a size exchange with size 34 but instead I got a ladies dupatta without any tag, now when I am rasing complaints they are asking for tags.
Horrible customer service recieved recently....they are unable to complete a simple return ..i filed complain willing to know about what's the problem, they told to wait for a day ... nothing happened so called again and they told to wait for 2 days ...still waiting for the return and then my refund
Reminder No.-100 I have recently purchased one item and returned on same day due to mismatch. Returned picked up but refund not credited and no action step is seen by Myntra. Myntra is not customer favour platform and regularly sending enteirely different mismatched items to customer and even not responding. Shame on Myntra!!!!! Still Waiting for Refund!!!!?? Worst to Worst customer service Till date we are waiting for REFUND!!!!
@myntra has the worst service ever. They ship incorrect things, and even after sending pictures, documents, and other evidence, they harass like crazy and don't even reply when you try to return the item.
There are a lot of good products on the Myntra app. People like them a lot and the product I bought is very good.The order is delivered in a very timely manner.I really enjoy shopping with Myntra.
The best place to buy the branded clothes at great offers and discounts, and all the products are original and genuine, there is no better place to get the best clothing, so happy to have you Myntra.... Thank you Myntra...
The orders are delayed and the items delivered are unmatched to original item ordered the customer support is worst no replies after many reminders The Myntra image is falling I wish to warn that in this condition the company may incur heavy losses and eventually shut down
Don't use myntra... I brought facewash from myntra my face got reacted... Iam trying to contact with customer care they are not responding well... It's ridiculous😡😡😡.... I don't want to give even 1 star but I gave 1 star because I want to post this to save people with this app...Plzz guys don't install this app.. They are not responding.... Don't waste money
I do enjoy myntra but their customer support sucks i ordered a jeans and then for some issue idk the delivery boy not accepted the return and i try again again for the customer support but no one is helpful and even not anyone is inform me that if they will return the th product or not clearly
Shopping at Myntra so easy, comfortable and reliable. I have bitter experience with some vendors of Shopping e-commerce companies, the return policy is awesome, the refund is excellent. Grateful to MYNTRA.
Love the myntra app. Easy refund, exchange, and return policy. Hassle-free. Products are genuine and delivery system and timings are good.
Very Very bad experience with myntra. My prepaid order 2nd time cancel without inform me. Refund will be not initiate my account. Don't place the order on myntra poor service on myntra
When I am selecting the option of pay via upi there Nothing coming up. Only white box appears. I am not able to buy myntra products for last 15 days. Please fix this glitch
Whenever trying to search one year old order history the page stucks and didn't give anything. Just a blank page that's it
This app is amazing I like this app this app name is Mitra I like to shop sarees and shoe and I San my son is very much interested in Mitra app I love Myntra app Mitra app is so amazing because it gives us discount very much and the disappointed thing is the cost is very high so I am trying to wait for the low price it will take more less time to get less price when the less price will become I will order the dress or saree or shoes or necklace etc I like Mitra app I will do shopping in Mitra ap
totally disgusting platform , i will not recommend this e-commerce to my friends and family's, we wil have to stay happy with Flipkart or Amazon, a horrible experience with Myntra e commerce platform if i hve choice for selecting minus star .. I would use it
Minus 5 stars to Myntra (- 5🌟🌟🌟🌟🌟) . Worst e commerce site ever used . # Very Slow delivery. # On delivery they will send majority of the times wrong products . # Then will take decades or even not change wrong products sent by them. # On returns or exchanges will deduct amount paid and then refund , will take product and money both from consumer 👏👏. # Will delay time for solving the problem by saving 24 hrs or 48 hrs for weeks. # 1st time used it and an awful experience, # SCAMSTERS
The customar service was outstanding,and the product was exactly what I was looking for.Superb fantastic excellent app I m loving it and very good fabric and very good product receivedto me. 👍👍👍👍👍
The app is easy to use and the new features of luxe and insider added to the app provides you the upper edge over other e-commerce apps. Really a reliable app and quality of the products are true to its price.
Outstanding application and services Immediately return and refund process with accurate and transperant process, i buy products and return it 4 time for size and other issues but it never delay or any objection... Thanks u mintra.
Myntra is my favourite app for my amazing shopping and just loved it ,I had great experience with myntra the quality of products was truly impressive,so friends plz go and shop best collections in mytra ❤️
Poor delivery service, very bad I have to order one pair of shoes 3 times and still didn't get it. Never gonna buy anything from this app.
Purchased many clothes on myntra app. The design, fit and cloth material quality is very good and perfect. Really appreciate the fast express delivery which takes just 1 to 2 days to deliver from the date of order 👍.
I have been trying since 7 days to get an infrior low quality product worth 3550 pickeup up. They are continuously extending timelines and harrassing me. Escaltion team people are useless. Lost its credibility by selling inferior products and not taking it in returns. There was a time i used to order 10k a month of quality orders and now to none in fact have installed. it. Your policies shall ruin your company sadly. Not at all customer oriented anymore.
Guys don't buy anything for Myntra they will send plastic instead of clothes and never respond to your on app and Twitter also... Check my tweets... Don't give any justification i know how you are working for high priority issue... Every day I am getting new time of 24 hours
Very bad customer service...I font receive refund of 2 products ..nd one product was picked up by the delivery guy nd he dint not update the return nd did fraud....nd I have filed a complaint soo much times but no help from myntra customer care...vry bad service nd will never order anything from myntra....I am writing this review for the customers...plz beware of this fraud from Myntra. I don't anyone from myntra is willing to help their customers
Very poor customer care service. I ordered for a dress and instead of that i received 2 dirty used towels.. After having many conversations and reporting complaints finally from myntra the product was accepted for return as wrong product was delivered.. Their delivery agent pick the product & did not delivered it to myntra center and he told he will not deliver it back bcoz he will lose money for wrong product. and i have lost my refund. Do not buy from Myntra. Fake company. Cheaters
Do not fall for the exchange policy. They will send a defective peice originally and if you want to exchange they will spot the defect and reject your exchange. So i paid for something i do not want and now cannot exchange that clothing.
Very bad experience bank offers are shown on the product but when you put the correct bank details and other information, you don't get any discount. Very disappointing. And they take 7-10 days for money refund
I ordered shoes from here and they were just awesome. Quality of shoes were excellent and they were way too comfortable.
They cancel order from there end stating "Cancelled order as per your request" , have you had some sight of drugs? Stupid customer care and management. Who the hell cancel order ? Myntra cancelling order and blaming customer that you cancel the order. Have a guts to accept you can't deliver things properly.
Never buy any product from this app as I got a coupan and applied that for redtape shoes, order was successful but they cancel my delivery automatic without informing me the reason.
I was a regular customer of myntra. Bought many products. My recent purchases had bad experience. Bought many branded cloths which faded within a couple of months. I doubt myntra selling copy of branded clothing. Or such namy brands selling cheap clothing.
This app is not fully good. I got some damaged clothe items and when I put it in review they removed it. If u want to put everything good about a product then, what is the need to give a review? Also, there is no pure discount in products as some similar items are available in lower cost in shops & other apps. The MRP price of Myntra items are too high, even a top is shown 3k whereas the quality doesn't agree with the price. Please look into the quality and give a proper MRP.
I placed 3 orders, all of them were cancelled on delivery date by myntra and refunded...they have no reasons for it...and it shows cancelled by me...they dont even try reaching me, thing is i get a message from delivery partner that we tried reaching you,its so embarrasing...i didnt expect this...not going to order from myntra anymore...Thanks for the experience...
Very bad delivery experience, always delay in delivery. It shows the express delivery but it will come very late then regular deliverys. If we call them they will tell to wait 3 days to resolve issue, it doesn't matter to them what are the inconvenience caused to you bcz of the delay
Being using this app for so many years however right now it's been providing bad return service. Customer care are not helpful. We can't even chat properly always auto generated chat. Even if the issue is not resolved its show been resolved. They cancel the return from themselves itself. It's so frustrating to use this app now. Trying to return 1 jeans since 2 weeks till now no proper solution has the Seal tag number is not matching which is there fault but are not ready to provide get solved.
The worst experience ever. I had purchased 2 tops. One did not have any price tag. The other had something different than mentioned on site. I have raised multiple requests through help center starting from 14th June and the items have not been picked till date. Everytime I start another support chat it is the same robotic response with a new complaint number but nothing is happening. Even mailing the company did not work. It seems they are just trying to dump their faulty products.
it was really a bad experience I have prepaid the order and myntra without confirming my order deducted the money and the order is not even showing in my order list and when i have complaint about it sent the screenshot of the prepaid amount so they accepted their appology bt they neither confirming my order nor refunding my money the only thing they give that is hope and wait for another 48 hours .. it is really ridiculous feeling to asking my own money for refund again and again.. plese help
Worst possible app. Ordered one pair of sneakers from Myntra, after waiting for one week order got cancelled suddenly. Called on their helpline number got the response that they will try to deliver my product in next one week so i waited for another week. Then after a week i found out that my order will not be delivered and they initiated the refund process. The refund process itself took 5 days to complete. I don't expect this kind of service from Myntra, ill never use this app again and you to
Worst service & they are collecting Rs.10 per every item(any category), high price comparing to others, before Myntra insider is now myntra outsider & they re playing games with coins as to buy more earn much to convert the coins into vouchers, finally they became money minded completely to earn from every person who buys from this money minded app It's better time to shift to other app
Earlier myntra was good ,but now your services are going down very badly. No exchange of products in my locations now. They have no answers for this. Unable to purchase anything due to exchange unavailability. Earlier there was no such problem. How is it possible to purchase anything perfectly of desired size ,shape ,colour or fit. Person definitely needs exchange services. Disappointed customer.
Not sure why the delivery to my place is not available now a days. I am using this app for 6-7 years at least but never faced this issue and suddenly it is showing not deliverable. Even the brands that use to deliver is showing the same.
This app was my favourite but they have downgraded their customer service. Recently I ordered items and it was not delivered to me and they marked it as delivered in the app. Upon raising ticket multiple items they are saying we have delivered sorry for the inconvenience but we cannot refund or return the items . Thats means I have to suffer the loss for which I have no fault . Irresponsible customer service . Upon asking proof of delivery they are silent . No answers .do not buy anything
Worst experience ever. I have been purchasing cloths form myntra for years now. Recently I have purchased one trouser which was not matching with tha image so I put return request for the same. Product was picked up by the myntra delivery agent. After few days I tried connecting myntra for my refund but the response I have received from them was they never received any product. Now I don't have the product with me nor I received any refund from them. Anyways uninstalling the app.
On [24 th may 2024 ], I made a payment of [1300] for [product]. Despite the payment being deducted from my account, I did not receive a confirmation from the company. I contacted customer service and was assured that the issue would be resolved within 48 hr hours. However, it has been days/weeks, and the problem not resolved
I have been using Myntra for a long time now. Recently an unfortunate experience took me here. I ordered one skirt, which had fit issue as well as colour issue. It's been a month now since I raised the return request. Multiple times return request, chatting over same thing with 5 different customer care people, it is really draining. I don't understand the reason, but with this attitude it's difficult to survive in long run I guess. I suggest customers to be vigilant and careful to use the app.
Every bad service. An incident is raised from past 30 days regarding a login issue and it is still not resolved. Multiple calls where made to the service centre but no positive response. I don't recommend anyone to use this app.
I'm using myntra since last more than 3 years & I never faced any issue. But last month on 23 may I ordered a shirt and order was not placed but the amount has been deducted from my account. Since then, nor they placed my order neither revert my amount. I call to customer care almost everyday and every agent just say sorry and ask to wait for 48 hours. It's almost been a month since they saying this. I don't need my money back now, keep it and I'm never using myntra again.
Update in 2024 I purchased most discounted product, but it got cancelled by the saler by mentioning the comments that product was damaged. But they have not sent new product although the product is available. Now, I have. Buy products on higher rate. This is completely fraud, Amazon sent the product again if product gets damaged during shipment. Most trusted app and I like it very much.
I have ordered three products and all of them were cancelled by myntra without any reason or notice, and that too on the day I was about to receive them. And when I called the customer care, I wanted to ask about it, but no customer care executive was appointed but a computer generated annoying voice was there due to which my problem was not resolved. My fellow customers, Please do not believe this app because we, the customers are not ordering stuffs from them for free.
Myntra shopping experience is bang on. The interface is so user friendly, you don't want to use any other app
As much as I love buying products on the app.However, the new update on the app is a mood ruiner because there is too much going on,in the app.At times it becomes pretty annoying searching for the desired items.I hope the management works on simplifying the format of the app like it used to be before
Cheating users for a ₹1000 item. Customer sevice closed a case saying order delivered, when it was not. They are adamant and arguing that it must be a mistake on my part. I have been chasing the CS for a couple of days on the delayed item and suddenly see that the case is closed saying product delivered. Way to go.
The worst app I have seen in current era. I have order first time from myntra. They have provided defective product and now i am struggling for my refund. They customer experience os pathatic. Plz return my money I have to delete the app from my phone. How the govt allows to this type of app to introduced. Since they are just not playing with customers
Absolutely 3rd class delivery...product is supposed to be delivered in 8 days but it's not yet delivered and on top of it the customer care says they have registered a complaint which can be resolved anytime in next 7 days which means a customer needs to wait for 15-20 days to get any product. Highly dissappointed with Myntra.. you have taken the payment and now not delivering the product on agreed time. I wish it was possible to rate with 0 stars.
bad service providers, i face trouble when i try to call customee executive,no call gets connected. They delay the return date & The issues i most of the time has is when i return a product, than the serial no. of the product gets mismatched,i felt bad how myntra service is on the point return. and that create a mess to talk with customer care again and again, also they just copy paste same type of message via chat. Nothing works until you waste a lot of time on them.
Delivery is too slow and their tracking feature doesn't provide necessary information. It was good before but now it has worst experience in terms of delivery ,exchange, refund etc. Not expected from Myntra.
Earlier, I used to be a fan of this app. Nowadays they have started cheating their genuine customers. They do mistake from their side that leads to customer suffering. They forgot placing tag in their product and then doesn't allow returning it. They will deliver totally a different product and then never accept return. Reaching out to their customer care service is also a trap, because that will never be helpful. They will keep opening issue in their help center but will never resolve it.
Worst customer care experience. I wanted to return one item and the delivery executive just reported that he couldn't reach me even though he never even contacted me in the first place. And then when I tried to reach out regarding rescheduling the delivery, they gave me no clear answers. Just pathetic in terms of customers care... there's no clear way to even talk to a representative..and the chat/call option never really resolves your issue just keeps going around in loop
Had a frustrating experience with Myntra. It's disappointing when orders don't meet expectations, especially when they arrive damaged or used. It's concerning that your review didn't get approved either, as honest feedback helps improve services. Hopefully, Myntra addresses these issues promptly to maintain customer satisfaction and trust in their platform.
The app has become a money sucking machine. It has now started asking Platform fees, COD fees, Return Fees and many other hidden charges. Due to this my trust and explain both have completely shattered in this app.. I'll try my best to avoid using this app to buy anything again.Trust me there is no need to spend money on these useless 'fees'. I would recognise better apps like Ajio, Amazon or any other specific online store..but avoid considering Myntra as an option for online shopping.
The app is very easy to use, the filter options and all are pretty good. I am very happy with this app. Have been using it since many many years now and totally satisfied. Deals are also amazing, and genuine sale available. I have been using it on my mobile.
I really have started disliking this app since they have been deducting the discount from the refund amount. It doesn't happen on other apps. It's a fraudulent app. For eg i purchased a dress for 2200 and I got it for 2000 after discount but when I returned it they refunded 1800 rs. And deducted 200. This is really unfair. And I have suffered such losses for Rs. 3000 now.
Worst shopping experience I ever had in my life is through myntra, I ordered a pair of shoes and the wrong size was delivered, they are not even exchanging the size and also not accepting the return. The reason they are giving is missing price tag but I didn't even recieved any price tag when the shoes were delivered. Now, I think this is how myntra is making profits, they just deliver any unsold article and then don't respond to the customer. Very poor and pathetic way of doing business myntra.
Very poor service, order cancelled due to their technical issues but they don't have any sure reasons. Very disappointed with the service. I hope no one installed this Application, just toying with customer.
"Fantastic shopping experience with a user-friendly interface and great deals! Myntra app makes fashion easy and fun. #ShopSmart #MyntraLove"
My first time purchase with Myntra by seeing it's marvelous adds. Purchased 4 products, 3 were good, but one product we didn't like and raised return request for refund, due to Myntra's poor customer handling system I have struggled for almost two weeks , but still they didn't pick product back, raised return request for three times with the help of customer care executive support, though no use. Simply paid our hard earned money to Myntra for the product which we are not going to use. 😡😡😡
Product quality was not good. I initiated the refund for 3 time but did not get replace the product or return the product. Worst application and service I have ever experienced. I purchaed the product on emi, they have confirmed the delivery after10 day they cancelled my all delivery. Only one item deliveeed quality was bad. They block my phone no. Also they did not answer my call.। Worst services
It's been 2 to 3 weeks that I didn't get a refund for a returned product as it was entirely your fault that you guys had delivered me a product which was not ordered by me..!! I have already chat with customer care and they always tell me to wait 24 hrs,74 hrs and now they are telling me to wait 7 days..what's happening actually??Myntra was one of my favorite app for shopping but now i totally regret for my choice.😔
Myntra is cancelling order without any question and cheating by stealing my gifted items. And it is delaying my order which has reached very near place. And unable to cancel the order. If it is not resolved I will follow the instructions from consumer laws. It is the right of the customer to get the item which I have ordered and Myntra don't have rights to cancel my gifts which was offered by Carlton London. If it done by the seller I have the right to cancel my order.
Worst and pathetic app. Suggest not to install it all. Customer service is too bad in giving response to their customers. Usually charge high price for the product. And they don't respond or return the product if you want to return. They just ask you to wait for 48 hours, and after 48 hrs, they say issue is resolved without any further steps. I had called customer care more than 20 times , still they repeat 48 hrs story. Strongly suggests not to install the app.
Extremely poor experience. They take more than a month to deliver an order, approx 2-3 months to cancel and refund money. Even after multiple complaints, nobody is there to listen you. Their customer support is useless similar to their management.
It has been my favourite platform for 2 years.i just loved the available collection and their exchange service but my recent experience was really bad I placed a return request and after restore of two weeks I got the reason but still they don't know the reason for pic of failure today's ego I ordered an item but they cancel it from there and without 25 me and again they don't know the reason and or not ready to write a complaint such a worst experience
Today I ordered for the first time from myntra as I got my personal phone, i was excited at every step hahah i liked the overall experience and also the app's interface.
Something is wrong with Myntra. I had put an order and while making payment i got option to make use of zillion coins and then make the payment via UPI. But somehow the order didn't pick the payment and converted the order to COD & removed the zillion coins use. Then I tried making the payment using my netbanking and it picks it without using the coupon. It has happened with me for the second time in row. Please update your system also ensure the use of such coins. I am unable to use my coins.
Earlier update was good and when compared to this update .. earlier on whislist it's shows category wise now that option is gone and again after going down and selecting on item and if we come back its going to top most item which is the 1st in the list and again we have to scroll down to see our wanted item.......... Worst update ever
My money was deducted from account and it's not refunded to me, it's almost 2 weeks but there is no response from myntra customer care.. They simply sending messages like wait for 24 hours from past two weeks. I don't know for a day how many 24 hours are there.. Totally fraud thing.
Very poor service, they tag the items eligible for express delivery but never deliver on time. If you escalate they will take 7 more days to resolve the issue. Worst delivery.
items delivered too late it keeps on changing the delivery date and it's been 7 days i didn't receive what I ordered....other apps deliver in 2-3 days but it's too late that most of the time u cancel my order
I have veen having lot of troubles in returning the product. They are able to deliver product anywhere but they are not able to send an agent for pick up of the product in case of reurn. This is quite inconvenient
Day by day customer experience getting low. They have introduced Tag system, so if you are returning or exchange the product that should have one plastic tag. But they are such unprofessional if they don't deliver the product with tag and send either wrong product or quality issue...you just bang your head with Delivery Guy, Custome Care , and there Supervisor nothing will happen. You raise complain and will get resolve without even addressing. Try Amazon and there Customer service, and learn
The cash on delivery is the baddest way! When order was came to us,the 2 same items were came from delivery. We tell them that we don't extra and cancel those items so they took return back and my 400 rupees as a cashback don't also given and I lose that 400₹ money.
They delivered almost all good products only .but the thing is recently I ordered one sneaker shoe. But that shoe doesn't have any tag at the time of delivery .Now the delivery people are not accepting return for that. Iam really unhappy with this 😞.
Hii i m old customer of myntra since 5yrs. But now i m very diappointed for your quality of product describtion of product and the of of the list is where the proper size chart. The size chart are not proper. Bust size waist sizeal r missing whats the wrong happed with you myntra . I dont believe that myntra lost his prestiges . Im very disapointed . Now i decided uninstall this app. Becoz i dobt waste my money for buying anthing from your app
It's really good I have ordered Realme earbuds and shampoo which was really good so I again ordered Induction and some cookwares and they give really good offers compared to other apps . Will continue using it 🥹💖 best app for shopping 10/10
Hi i have requested for return the cantabil Tshirt but no one is coming to pickup. Everytime they just cancel it And again n again i have to request for the return. I have called customer care still they have cancelled my return with no reason.
The app is working very slow, nothing is opening in just one click and direct the app is getting closed by its own very bas experience 😞
Everything is fine, only the insider program conditions should be reduced. And the coupons in exchange of supercoins should not be for only one time.
Have applied 2 products for return and without any attempt of pick up, the message is coming as return pick up failed and unable to contact, very disappointing service by myntra.
Bad experience with Myntra they just give offer and when you purchase then they cancle your product and after that give you coupon for apologies. I want to ask one question from Myntra that if you didn't able to deliver offer product then why did you give offer .very bad experience with Myntra didnt expected this.
It was working well...but since yesterday It is not I tried uninstall-reinstall method, but nothing changes. I am unable to login again now. Is this with me only or app is facing a technical glitch.
I'm a very frequent customer on Myntra but sad to say that this is very bad experience this time. This is second time when I'm facing the same problem here while getting my refund. I made a return request for one product which was unfit to me . The product was picked up from my place with the another Myntra product which was also had to be return ..but it was not showing in my order . Still it is showing that the product is with me. I called customer care services twice regarding this.
Worst customer service. Worst other services. Everytime I try to change my mind about this app but I experience more worst time here. Worst refund policies and customer helpline is always busy. Shame!
The experience is mixed on myntra at the very first I was unable to trust myntra but after sometime and I bought some products mytra won my heart at the fullest it cannot be more simple and amazing. It is the best application for fashion and beauty products. It deserves 5 stars
A third grade app where it delivers an unmatched products for the orders placed. When questioned regarding the return and refund there full hell of answers from customer support. A dissatisfying app.
Worst app and worst customer service! NEVER BUY PRODUCTS FROM THIS APP.. EXCHANGE AND RETURN IS TERRIBLE! It's been a month now I am trying to return a product! Switch to other shopping apps that are far better than Myntra.
I can no longer track my items in the app. It only indicates "Packed" and provides no further updates until delivery. Consequently, I won't know when to expect my items.
Uninstalling the app. Never again shopping from this app. My order was cancelled due to unknown reasons and refund not credited even after multiple follow ups. Highly disappointed.
Really feed up with the return and refund system...they are sending clothes without tags & won't take return even after complaint. On app they will show the refund has been completed but in real it hasn't.
Worst customer support. They can't even solve genuine issues of customers; if they have to say the things that has been written on their computer screens then why they are needed as customer support even AI can do that.
Everyone plz note if you buy any product from myntra and found the products quantity is not so good and return it. Then these people are charging us with shiping fees,pay on delivery fees and also PLATFORM FEES. So plz, think twice while buying anything feom this app.
So bad experience They will not provide service or return service once they got payment I suffering from last 10 days call every day but they give me the same answer to wait only 24hours but their only 24hours never completes.yet I don't get my refund.
Earlier there was a option for adding UPI but now there is no option. You can use online paymant only with your myntra login contact number. There must be add upi option.
Showing something in the photos, and delivering some other thing. Delivery is also not on time. I ordered 4 products and returned 3 of them immediately.
Was been told they will send po machine with the delivery executive, but they didn't and asking me to do COD Another bad experience-- Bought an item which was non return/not exchange and they delivered Wrong item as they know we can't refund exchange return and then have to follow up with customer care service multiple times who will give not give solutions jn one go
worst customer care this app has there is no cancellation option for it if someone opts for the help center then the bott enters an it doesn't give options to chat with the customer care service.. waste of time and energy for this app
The ordered product i received is not of a better quality as per the price (which is very high) and the app is not returning it but are only allowing its exchange. Disappointed.
What happened with myntra? I'm not satisfied with myntra now. Same product delivery delayed two times and most important thing is myntra's payment gateway is very terrible amount deducted from bank account but order not confirmed it is happening with me twice Earlier it was good to customers service but now not happy with this experience. Myntra has to change payment gateway or improve his customers service and satisfaction. Delivery of products are not on time.
Customer care service is pathetic... No one ready to listen and understand actual concern.... I want to return the parcel but no one can help.... Sometimes your ordered cancelled without your concent...no email reply even after 2 days Also transit time is too long....
Myntra has really lost its service standards. I ordered five T shirts and delivery for all five have been cancelled sighting vendor not delivering. How is that possible, if the vendor has such a large issue how were these listed in the first place. On top of it there is no place in the app to lodge your complaint or seek redressal for the discounts lost.
Worst this app is fraud I placed an exchange order which I didn't get since 14 days and now they are not even cancelling exchange so that I can return the product customer service is worst don't recommend it at all fraud app
Worst worst experience. I place the order on 17 June 24. It was supposed to deliver on 22nd June. Today is 27th June, still it is not delivered. I used mytra for the 1st time, pathetic service by mntra. This would be my first and last order with myntra. If there is an option of negative star, I would have given that.
This is the worst app I ever order, they can't even say how much time it takes to update the status of cancelation this is hoe they deal with there customer after calling customer service they can't say what is going on
Satisfied with the recent purchases... returning process also smooth because of seal tag system.. Impressed with timely delivery and quality of products..that's why given 5stars instead of 4.. keep it up myntra..
The update makes it too complicated for Android users to give an order from the app. I'm unable to put one. Useless update!
Wrost app ever. I was the regular customer of the Myntra but now they start doing fraud .I ordered a product 3 April 2024 neither they gave product nor my refund .it's already been more than 3 months .i complaint about the issue but nothing works it's like they are wasting my time and harrshing me.giving the repeated answer .Beware while shopping from myntra. very unprofessional customer care,they won't help . Myntra is just pretending to care .they won't give you the refund back
They've made the interface extremely busy- often times, which distracts the user from easily accessing important information about the product.
Taking too long time to deliver the order. Have ordered the item on 1st July and till today (4th July) it's didn't picked up from source. Very bad experience...
Frauds are increasing day by day on myntra..Received wrong product, I have been complaining for 5 days, but no response. So disappointed.. If you want to do tension free shopping then don't use myntra..The quality of clothes has also become very bad now.
Ordered Nike shoes from this platform on June 29, 2024, but the order has not been delivered yet, as of July 11, 2024. I am also unable to cancel the order and have not received a refund. This has been a very disappointing and unpleasant experience. This is not the first time this has happened.
such a worstest app ever I will say this with my experience delivery was soo late most of the time wrong product recieved and with the returns you face soo many problems and issue product return services have damn poor. I will never shop from myntra in future again😡
Myntra has become the worst app to use nowadays. Their 2 days express delivery is a fraud, The scheduled 2 days express delivery on the 8th july is then postponed to 15th or 17th july. Pathetic Customer service support is pathetic and thrash. Also pay these dalals and crooks convience fees to use app. Being a Myntra insider If I am paying to use your app then I'm better off without it.
Myntra never disappointed me.... I don't even remember for how long I have been shopping from myntra.... I purchased my so much stuff during my wedding and now I have ordered stuff for my baby girl.... and I must say I am very delighted to see every brand available here.... thank u for making it so much easier for working mom...🤩🤩🤩🤩🤩
Nowadays like flipkart, Myntra has also started delay in the deliveries. When your product is in warehouse, why is it taking more than a week to deliver the product. Highly Disappointing.
Worst customer service, received a different product and want an exchange of the same product which i was supposed to be received the AI chat robot is not understanding at all...The photos and the outfit never match
Very aunthantic and genuine products with original quality style and trandy new version always satisfied everytime I shop with Myntra. Happy customer Yeahh. Thank you!!!
Pathetic service.. they mention express delivery. After order placed. They will delay 4 to 5 days to deliver .. wen we reach customer care they act like as if they don't know anything .. keep repeating same thing they don't think of wat customer situation is ..
Worst app ever ...I ordered first time from this app. I ordered for 4 but recieved only 3 and payed for 4...now I m trying to connect to customer care but their is no option for complaints...
The chat support is useless. They reject the exchange/return saying quality check failed even when they didn't even come for the pick up. No resolution given.
This is to inform you that i applied size exchange so many times but you doesn't delivered it.Nor your customer care number works.Very Poor behaviour on the end of customers. I mailed you but no response from you side. Very bad service.
Have good experience with Myntra, easy return policies and good customer care support desk. Love to shop from Myntra. Fabric materials so nice n having good quality products. Am insider customer needs more offer and discount on shopping prizes. Thank you! Myntra
That thing happened again I have Oder tha Shoes but tha Order not placed in Myntra app and also the Payment debited my account I try to reach out tha app and customer care it's not Help full and they are not Properly response and That Things very Bed thought create
Commitment has a value , which Myntra didnt followed. Delivery date is 3rd july 2024 but now on 3rd july i received sms it will be delivered in 3 days. I have to travel & coz of your bad service i have to suffer. This is so bad service, really worst experience about delivery timings.
I m a regular buyer of clothings for me and my family .Myntra is a reliable App. As per the availability of clothings , Footwear, purse etc and buyer friendly exchange and return facility I would say it is SUPERB.
Awesome 👍👍 No words everything, service, delivery before time, pick up system, replacement of product, everything is fine. Good night
After last update,the tracking item is not showing correctly. Shipping,Out for delivery options are not showing.
Myntra provides very good service like fast returns and refunds. And the packaging quality of the product is good. Mostly Myntra does not use plastic in packaging which is an environment friendly step. 👍🏻
very slow delivery booked on 3 july and it was showing delivery by 8 july however on checking status it is still in the warehouse so in my opinion please take more than 12 days in hand if yoh want clothes from this site they are also charging platform fees 99 delivery fee but providing third quality service .
Go to app if you want to buy a Genuine Products at a reasonable rates. The choice and variety of designs are ample. Great App
It is an over rated app.. the cotton clothes are too costly as compared to the local shops. The proces should be according to the fabric and variety.
It's delivery has started to be delayed I recently ordered an item and it's getting delayed day by day and they are not ready to raise a complaint. Worst app ever
The app is fine but it never approves negative reviews of products. Even if you provide images. No wonder why they have such less reviews on products. It's difficult to trust the rating and reviews available in the app.
Bug in the app. It's not showing tracking status. It's just stuck on item packed.
Customer service is not helpful. When you try to return a product deliver agent never arrives at your door step neither does he receive your call. Customer service says they Arey logging in a complaint for this but even they have no idea what actions will be taken. I am stuck with a product with no brand tag from last 12 days. Lodged complaints 4 times so far. No resolution.
Recently purchased 2 products from Myntra. The delivery team,the product quality and the packing quality was SUPERB. New users also get exciting offers which gives HUUUUGE discount Simply GO FOR IT GUYSS....its awesome
Seriously, worst . it looks they want me to cancel the product so that they don't need to give a resolution . now prices have been increased, what's the point paying all those extra amounts, for this kind of service. After this issue, I feel like not to use myntra anymore.As long the issue is in open , you will keep on asking customer to wait for 24 hours ... I just spoke to executive, which is after 48h , 24h,24h, They are again asking me to wait for another 24 hours , I'm fed up with this .
This is the second time when wrong product was delivered and return not taken up. Myntra asking for the same product which I ordered but not delivered. No revert for complaint raised.
Worst customer service!! They delivered me a wrong product and I am complaining about my return of product from one month but no action was taken till now. And they are not registering complain further. This is my worst shopping incident from myntra!!!
All over experience is good... But delivery time should be precise...they deliver before allotted time slot 😄
Utter nonsense app. Never order in bulk also don't prepay as the product is not delivered and the refund is also not given. Worst thing they always consider the customer is at fault.
Very bad experience not delivered order as per given time and automatically cancelled the order it will be happened 2nd.I can't order anything in future.
Delivery delayed everytime I ordered. They just can't deliver if I didn't make request or raise a complaint about each and every product one by one. So annoying they won't deliver even after waiting for weeks showing that the delivery is delayed and they didn't even call for delivery but says that deliver attempt failed specially for Hyderabad location.
I ordered shoes from myntra they delivered 3 time defective product in the myntra sale. If they do not have to sell good product online so please don't sell because customer expectations are much higher on any purchased product. So please do not sell such products like defective and wrong product because it's a waste of time. I would not suggest buying products on myntra because there are lots of other websites which are good compared with myntra. I was totally discouraged with myntra product.
Edited my review & reduced to 1 star Ordered a size 8 shoes on father's day, it was large size. Requested an exchange pickup right on next day. The exchange request was cancelled twice. Placed return, delivery guy came & informed us that he is rejecting return, since as per him, the shoes have been used by us. Absolutely disappointed with Myntra service. We have not used these shoes!! Seems like Myntra has a new policy of once sold-you can never return. Highly disappointed!
I was ordered few items and those got auto cancelled without any information that too after 7 days of placing order. Actually this happened me around 4 times. When I reached the customer care they simply said sorry for the inconvenience, please place a fresh order and refund amount will be credited within 7 days.
Myntra is not paying the actual refund amount. Myntra has deducted bank discount from the refund amount which was paid after applying discount. will it be okay if i keep the dupatta and only return the dress? No then why not full refund? Buying clothes from myntra since 5 years but now they are loothing people. Added extra platform fee of rs. 20 and now this new scam. Not expected from such big brand. Not gonna buy from myntra anymore.Flipkart and Amazon are far more better than myntra.
Your platform is good but your delivery partner is really very bad, they have no proper customer service, if you want to contact them it's impossible becoz I think they don't have customer service, I'm trying to contact them since yesterday but as soon as call gets connected it's disconnected each and every time. If you want to improve your services kindly change your delivery partner
I really feel sad that I am giving a bad review. Well so I've no complaints about the clothes and all all products are good but when it comes to delivery every single time this happens like today I was going to get my parcel but they didn't deliver it and now I'll get it tomorrow why?even when I order clothes for my sister they deliver wrong clothes EVERY TIME! they charge extra and don't give services.even though I'm a insider they charge me extra for same products which are cheap on other acc
Worst app ever and i am recommending others to not buy clothes from myntra. I had received a wrong product and i have been trying to return it from 15 days and registered so many complaints but sometimes pick up was failed and if i registered a complaint about that they say your return is rejected and after i reopen the issue they approved it and still no one came to pick up the product . I have an unboxing video and i sent them a photos of product but they still not doing anything.
Expensive products as compared to other sites. I suggest u guys to Check flipkart first before purchase. Supercoins redeems r just there for the sake of doing something back for the customers but not really beneficial at any level whatsoever, we get 3 supercoins after purchasing a 347rs product and can redeem 250rs only after accumulating 1000 supercoins.
Very bad experience happened with me i created request for return many time(alomost 7, 8 request), i talk with customers care and created request for return from there end but all my requests was cancelled by myntra by saying our courier partner are not able to pickup your product. And customer service is very bad,they just give me timeline after each request and i ask them why my pickup got cancelled then they say its technical issues which is happening from 8 june my 1st request till 8 july .
Way too slow to operate. Extremely slow and hanging app. Gets stuck for minutes to choose and impossible to delete wishlist items. It takes ages and get extremely hanged. This app really needs some work.
Its happened just like before you'll order something, after a few days when the delivery date comes they'll send a message saying that it's 'out for delivery' you'll get no message no call nothing from the delivery guy, this will go one for a few days after that your order will get cancelled due to an ' internal issue ' no support from the help centre no agents there to help you. Happened to me twice already, really disappointed with this , if it was for one time only i wouldn't mind but twice?
one of the truly wonderful app ,trusted brand,and price also pocket friendly I m using this app from last 12 years ,keep it up and thanks for giving us wonderful brand.
They were good initially, but now myntra is a total scam, the products are not original. All the sales they put is totally a scam, they just put wrong MRP and show that they have given 80% or 90% discount, but when I checked the MRP on the brand website, I was totally shocked. The prices are high during the sale than the normal time.
I am very disappointed with Myntra..when the items are showing the option of pay on delivery then also during payment it is showing that pay on delivery is unavailable..and its getting repeated again and again..my delivery is getting cancelled after the payment.. sometime its taking much more time than the usual time to deliver..it was not happend before but now everytime i want to order anything then pay first ,wait for 2 weeks then order getting cancelled.also no support from myntra help line
Worst part I have placed many orders but don't know how they got cancelled itself I have placed almost 7+ orders every time after shipping it got cancelled near delivery
Best option for a couch potato like me to surf online and buy clothes. Ample of variety, no issue with return and refund.. have been using since donkey's age now..
Editing my review from 5 stars to 1 star since there is a major issue going on with myntra logistics team as they are either not delivering teb product or delivering incorrect products since 6 months. No action taken upon multiple complaints. No response from their customer support team, grievance team or anybupper management team involved in the mails. Customer care team (supervisors) disconnect the escalation call and do not call back. Customer care team lacks understanding of the issue.
Posting product review here since Myntra keep deleting it I recently purchased an HRX bag from Myntra, hoping for high quality given the brand's reputation. Unfortunately, the bag tore within just one month of use, which was extremely disappointing. I had expected much better durability for a product priced around 1k. The quality issues were compounded by Myntra's customer support, which was unresponsive and unhelpful. Despite multiple attempts to seek assistance, I received no satisfactory res
One of the Worst app is this, i recommend you to dont use it. It can't give replacement of the product and also can't give return & refund. If product is unfit how we can use it. This app does not give replacement, return option. If it gives but their delivery agent unable to pick our order. And also bad management they cancelled my return request two times.... please don't use ti
Myntra deducted money for an order that didn't get placed. I'm trying to contact customer care over phone but just an automated voice keeps telling that it'll get refunded in 48hours. It's been more than 3 weeks now and my money is not refunded yet. And there's no place to report this issue or get help.
Your customer care team comes across as unprofessional and robotic. They do not provide effective solutions to issues and often give generic responses. When I reach out for assistance, I am repeatedly told that the issue has been raised and I should wait for 3-4 days for a response. This approach is highly frustrating and does not resolve my concerns. Plus customer care doesn't provide any email to share their feedback and you can't post negative reviews for order and delivery it shows error
How can I add the bank details for future return purpose? Help me or else I'm uninstalling the app once again 😡 and not only this I had to sign up again and again creating new account because once there is some glitch during cancelling the product and other times I'm getting damaged esp. broken beauty items so in this case help me creating new account with same old phone number as I'm unable to create new account. I do like your app because you provide promising products especially in clothing.
I was a long time user of Myntra, it was all good till one time a wrong cheaper product was delivered. Myntra refused to pickup the product, imagine loosing 5000 Rs of your hard earned money. Moreover the customer service is useless, they don't contact you on phone, never reply on email too. Every time I am able to contact the customer service I get a new response, all full of lies and deception. I would recommend you all to avoid Myntra just for your peace of mind.
Products are genuine, colour will be same as shown in the picture. Fitting will be perfect. I only shop in Myntra if I want to... 5 out of 5 for Myntra
Utter non sense, i ordered a product and apparently there was a coupon which got used and I cannot return it , and the product looks like something around 200 whereas I paid so much more than that. This is not how it works.
I used to love this app but recently i did an online transaction of Rs 592 and the amount got debited but order was not placed and i haven't received the refund amount since a week, everytime i call them, they tell me to wait for another 72 hrs. Myntra your Finance department is too slow. Please don't do online transactions on Myntra, if any issues happen, they don't really want to refund your money.
Myntra app was a trustful app but now a local second hand clothes market is better than Myntra. I am an old customer so I have noticed. Ever since they have been using Flipkart's delivery service, their products have become useless. It seems like Flipkart people are replacing their products. It seems that Myntra no longer exists, only someone else is selling the product in the name of Myntra. Now the delivery service is late, the product is wrong and of poor quality. They lost their customers.
The best app for online shopping, it has everything under the sun for your fashion needs, amazing quality, speedy delivery and easy exchange/returns.
The worst thing is two of my products were missing and was marked delivered. Even the customer executive doesn't know what happened. They just claim that it's delivered but no product is received. Now I don't have money nor product. Don't order anything of higher amount and high quantity. U will surely regret. No use of contacting even as they only think that the customer has a false claim
I have been a regular customer of myntra from past few years and my experience was pretty satisfying. But recently i got scammed by this shopping site. I ordered products worth 6000 rupees and it was prepaid. Next day they deactivated my account and gave some stupid reasons. I haven't got my products and they are not returning my money. I am planning to take the case to consumer court. Worst app ever. Highly unprofessional staff. I will never shop from myntra again.
The app has degraded. They give you a wrong product then they don't allow you to return or exchange stating that they have delivered the correct product after all the quality check. Are the customers mad or stupid ? They themselves delivered the wrong product and I think they should be accountable for the same. And when I tried to post the review regarding the same for that particular product they did not let me publish that review as well. This is really unprofessional.
Ordered a watch with same-day delivery for a friend's birthday on 29th May. It got delayed, and support promised delivery by 3rd June. Instead, they canceled it on 2nd June, leaving me without a gift. This is the second time I've faced such issues with Myntra. Their customer service is unhelpful and unreliable. Informing me earlier about the delay would have allowed me to reorder. Extremely disappointed with Myntra's service, I understand the delay during sale but why cancel or promise the cx.
I've been using this app since a long time now and it used to be a great app but just recently it has started acting up. The pages go unresponsive all of a sudden and ask you to refresh it but no matter how many times I refresh the page it still pops up the same message. Sometimes this goes for days. I hope the team can work on this issue and solve it asap because it's really annoying and might encourage the users to stop using it all together. Please do something about it.
Good deals on certain brands. Quality of clothes is decent. Mostly received as shown in picture.
Cheaters, Frauds, & Unprofessionals. Didn't deliver the item on a style exchange, and the item to be picked up is still lying with me. But they simply updated the status that it was exchanged successfully. I raised a complaint. But without even a single communication with me, it was simply closed after almost more than a week, with a resolution that I have confirmed I received the item. They r burglars & cheaters who simply loot & cheat people. I pray that Myntra will see it's downfall soon.
This app is a headache. Their way of contacting the customer service is more headache unlike Amazon customer service and Flipkart customer service which is easy to understand and are always available for thier customers and help them in most convenient way. Myntra is not accepting my payment with UPI nor Debits Cards. I've try many times but no avail. The pay on delivery options is not available. I've tried to contact customer service but no response or email or call from them.
Literally very annoying app I ordered a bag and a top instead of bag a dress was delivered and the top was still getting packed so I applied to return the wrong product that is fine and now I don't want to order the top anymore because the delivery date was 2-4 July and now it shows 7 July but I needed it urgently and didnt had time to go shop offline and I can't cancel it now. Like seriously isn't this why we have online deliveries so that we can get it at home without any hassle..
Very good fashion collection of so many companies and products. Good deals and low price but good product supply. Sometimes its not good for me because when i chose a dress or t shirt its not fit for me and size doesn't exist. Sometimes i look for best and eyes catch product here size not exist. And other case not good eye catching product and what all size are available in this product 😔
Myntra is gradually becoming a big scam!! In the past 6 to 8 months this is the 2nd time I've faced the issue of ordering a particular brand(Vero moda for eg) and another product gets delivered in the Vero moda pack. They refuse to pick-up stating its been tampered with. This is a brand to which I've been a loyal and consistent customer for years. Upsetting to get cheated like this...even if for a few hundreds.
Myntra has gone down in service. With countless annoying pop up asking to updates, literally no improvement is offered. Now it's so difficult to leave a feedback about the products, where usage of any words like "quality, bad, material, dealer,fake etc etc.. " cannot be uploaded. At first I thought it was my network or phone, but same with others . Plus it's very difficult to contact their call executives, literally no response. The chat option is definitely AI generated response. Boooo Myntra.
I bought something and they sent something else. They have broken the return option intentionally so it doesn't work from app or web, it's stuck in progress on last page. Tried 10 times. Only the exchange option works. They are running a scam. Sending you garbage from their warehouse and not allowing to return the product. Clever way to clean up their garbage inventory. They are scammers. Don't buy anything from Myntra
I've had a horrible experience with the application in the past few weeks. Specifically the exchange/return section is too tiresome to use. Many a times while returning the product, customer service will raise an issue and will ask you to upload the product photos on the application. But this disgusting worthless application won't even allow the photo upload giving up upload failure error repeatedly. For any normal human being it has now become a Herculean task of exchanging the product via app.
One of the worst apps that I have experienced is Myntra in recent times. It's almost a year since I have the trouble of seeing the message something went wrong. Despite repeated uninstalling and clearing of the cache and following all the updations, I couldn't see any difference.
I was going to give 5 stars to them. But this app is worst. I added an item to cart and I saw a coupon which was suitable for me, So i decided to add some more items and was going to order then suddenly I saw , they changed the offer. They removed that coupon and now it's not available, I mean it's vanished completely vanished. That's Sad Myntra I didn't expect this from you.
I am an elite customer of Myntra & buy 95% of my necessities from it. Really happy with the product quality & their genuineness. But delivery tracking is never shown properly. It will show like "item reached so n so city" but suddenly you will get "out for delivery" notification. It should be improved. Else it becomes impossible to be available for the pick up. Also while searching things for sometime n adding them to cart, the server goes down n it shows "something went wrong" quite frequently.
The experience has been quite sad as I placed an order recently but upon receiving the delivery I was shocked to find out that the product was entirely different from what I had ordered. This was a clear case of deceptive practice. I immediately contacted their customer service to address the issue and asked for refund. Despite many attempts to reach out, I did not receive any response or any way to obtain refund for the incorrect item I received. Very Bed customer care service poor
Have been using this app for years but lately this app have been a disappointment and nothing else. I had to buy something else in exchange of an item that I bought ( which they were not willing to come to my default address and pick it up) . Recently the account that I have been using all these years disappears and now I'm a new customer to the existing number, SIGH!!! Lost all my pending details !! DISAPPOINTED!!!!
I loved the collection and their exchange services but my recent experience was really bad . I haven't received refund of my last order. Whereas return has been already picked up almost two weeks ago . It has been mentioned in the app that refund is given but It has not come in my account. I already complained on chat with Myntra many times but their service is not good , they don't talk to the point just roll up the things and confuse the customer without giving solution.
Tricksters!! I browsed some products while traveling and wishlisted a few to check later. Later when I checked the app to buy I found they had more than doubled it's price. So I went to a competing store and found the same product at less than the original price in Myntra and so bought from there. Next day I checked Myntra app again and found the price had fallen back to original level.. but too late Myntra, you lost the order and my trust. Need option to give this feedback in the app itself.
I never expected Myntra to have such a pathetic tech. I recently installed Myntra on a new device & to my surprise the app didn't sync with my previous orders. All other apps installed & synced seamlessly. On contacting customer support further in order to rectify the issue which is entirely the fault of their tech I need to provide documents. My account upon trying to login by email mentions "account locked due to inactivity" while I have been placing & receiving orders last few days.
I've an issue regarding personalised ads. After searching for and wishlisting items on Myntra, I noticed that similar items started appearing as ads on my Instagram feed. While I understand the concept of targeted advertising, I found this experience to be a bit intrusive and somewhat unsettling because my family members sometimes see my Insta, and I don't want them to see everything I search for. Overall, I've had a positive shopping experience with Myntra. Please minimize ads for more privacy.
May be it was good before. But now Myntra stoops down to very low level. I tried returning one product which was of very inferior quality, their agent picked it up after verifying. Now, it's telling "pickup failed/ didn't pass quality check" etc and not returning the money. After chatting with customer care, they will tell issue will be resolved within 48 hours and keeps on delaying it. Seems like complete scam and very solid technique to steal money.
Address pincode se by default another pincode and order not delivered totally bad experience on very first time. I don't want to further purchase. Till now your app shown my order arriving today out for delivery but not deliver. I talk the delivery partner yesterday after delivery failed they assured to deliver. But when I trying to call them and also you it's heared that this is not registered mobile number. But it's my registered mobile number. Total cheater. I think f
would highly recommend not using the exchange for a new style icon. it gets your money stuck with Myntra and the app has many issues. their call centre can't resolve it, no amount of screenshots sent helps. and the transaction doesn't complete, where u get to know you are stuck only after the exchange is created and the final left of the transaction says something went wrong. but no one is Myntra helps you reverse the transaction and opt for a plain refund instead
Style, Product, Collection, Disc. everything is ok but when it's coming to return or exchange, I have not seen any big cheater like myntra. Their return policy is worthless if your luck is bad. Recently I bought a impulse bagpack which was delivered wrong, they have send a poor inferior product. So in exchange I have bought a swiss military bagpack. During delivery agent told your product is wrong so I can't deliver you the new product. Contact CC to know more. CC does not have any answer.
I used to have a good experience with this app, but for the past couple of months, I've been unable to place an order. It keeps saying it can't deliver to the pincode I provided. Our residence is in Narsingi, and it's delivering to nearby addresses. Could you please look into this? I have a lot of items in my cart waiting to be ordered. Thank you.
It's quite sad that the issues aren't resolved properly. I accidentally cancelled an order and wanted to uncancle it. There is no such option available. I had to talk to customer care. But they can't resolve this issue either. It's not their fault. Now my product is neither getting delivered nor getting cancelled. Nor am I able to track it. I am patiently waiting for it to get resolved.
Myntra is my go to shopping app for quality clothing and the latest trends.With its vast selection of brands and styles, I always find something that suits my taste. The app's user-friendly interface makes browsing a breeze,and the detailed product descriptions help me make informed decisions. I especially appreciate curated collections and personalized recommendations that keep me up-to-date with the latest fashion. Myntra's hassle-free return policy adds to the overall great shoping experience
I have placed few orders, it selects a different address even after setting default address. Amount debited is higher and credit processed is lower. I place request to return amount to wallet and it takes request on its own as to source. All glitches. When contacted customer service they say they can't change address, app doesn't give an option to change address for delivery. Within 5 minutes of placing order if I wish to cancel it says item is packed.
There is a glitch happening for me to cancel a prepaid order of around 3k, it was supposed to be an express delivery but it has passed 4 days but the item is atleast not shipped. Contacted customer care several times they raise the ticket saying that they too are facing the same issue i.e., not able to cancel the order. Worst customer care and you have to wait forever for the issue resolution.
Ambiguity at it's peak.i ordered a half sleeve t-shirt which is clearly shown in the picture and have got a full sleeve t-shirt in delivery. I Don't know what myntra is doing and at what level it has fallen so rapidly. I've been facing so much of irregularities in the delivery and faults in the products delivered from last a few months. I've been trusting myntra from so long but it seems like it Has provided so much of loops to it's sellers and trusting them blindly. It's too disappointing.
I have been shopping from multiple online shopping apps since last 7-8 years. Never had to raise an issue ever. But recently I was in a situation where I needed to contact the delivery agent so badly. And guess what? After one hour of trying I couldn't connect them. I could not reach to the delivery person as the call was getting disconnected from myntra's end. I called the customer care executive to get me connected with the agent as well but no help from them too. Totally disappointed.
Myntra has started using customers for their funding. You place order - they charge you platform fee and delivery fee (approx 99/-) then send you a wrong item, when you raise return/refund request then platform fee and delivery fee is not refunded which most of the users don't check. If you raise concern, that ticket will never be visible in the app to check status. You again call or chat and again those details won't be there. Godd scam keep it up.
Completely doning scams, fraud bu using customers credit amount. I paid for the product and later I returned products as the quality, size doesn't fit. I closed Myntra credit so that I can use for future purchase. But they removed my credits without my consent.. I paid for nothing... Customer service is worst. Keep on saying same story.
I have been trying to return my order. It keeps on showing sorry for inconvenience, we will pick up soon even after the date is gone. It keeps showing an outdated date for pickup! The most frustrating thing is you can't directly talk to any executive for help! It's all bots replying giving limited option!!!
Fraud app Beware!!! No easy returns. Will deliver damaged/ duplicate products and refuse to pickup the product citing your area is not serviceable for return pickup. If you can deliver it to my location, why can't you arrange pick from my location? Pathetic customer support. You have to repeat the whole incident to useless customer support for infinite times. Waste of time and money. Cheats!!!!!!!!!!
Very very fruad app. When I order a dress was good but after I order it . It price increases then I didn't receive the order then all so it is showing that it is delivered then when I call to customer care help centre they says that we have delivered to wrong person but then they say that order the same dress again but it price increases and they were not ready to give at same price
After a Recent update update on the app for Android, the app isnt responding at all! I tried to uninstall and reinstall, it asks me to login god knows how many times!! Thank god i completed my exchange on time. Myntra has always been my go to for clothing but this is so disappointing! Recent updates have been making the app slower and User experience worser.
I am very disappointed with Myntra's service. This is the fourth time I have experienced this issue. When I order 2 products from the same brand, e.g.; Roadster, they deliver one product but they mention both the products are delivered and when I raise my concern they say they are looking into it but they never follow up with me, it is I who has to do the needful and after a while they raise their hands saying they cannot do anything and I have ended up losing my money as well as the product.
This is the worst app I had ever used i didn't get my refund still ...I had cancelled the product before it's shipping and it's taking 1 and half months to reflect or processing but still i didn't get any refund amount from Myntra for the particular product what had i paid before, then I can't even use the app properly and customer care service also too bad they can't even in touch for 3 min more to asking the query....I'm facing problem hardly it's very bad
I ordered for a pair of expensive shoes and I was shocked to receive the product in an old box which was not wrapped and was open. Thankfully the shoes were inside, but there were no price tags or anything. I have never experienced this kind of product delivery from any platform. I suspect that it is a fake and have raised a ticket, for Myntra to check from their end and have opted to return the product. How can they deliver a product in an old box, that too an open one with no price tags??? 😕
Worst app ever, it has a new coupon better to say Fraud coupon. If you take it you can't return your order whatever the reason. Such a fraud app and worst service. I requested customer care to charge me on behalf of this fake coupon benefit and return my item but they are not doing it on the sake of coupon. Customer service is also worst.
"Myntra app offers a seamless shopping experience with its user-friendly interface and vast selection of fashion items. From trendy clothing to stylish accessories, Myntra caters to diverse tastes and preferences. Its intuitive navigation makes browsing and purchasing effortless, while frequent sales and discounts make it budget-friendly. The app's personalized recommendations enhance the shopping journey, ensuring customers discover items tailored to their style.
Please don't download it . This ia a worst app . I have been using this app from few months. I have ordered three times and everytime after the long wait on the day of delivery my order bas been cancelled automatically and refund money to my account without any reason. Even i don't cancelled my product. When i called to customer care they always asked me silly excuses like sorry it is was a technical issue but technical issue was only a one time not for every order. They only fool us
I'm experiencing ongoing technical issues with this app. My orders keep getting canceled on the day of delivery, and the refunds are taking much longer than expected. This has been happening for a month now, and I'm very disappointed. Despite reaching out to customer care, the problem keeps recurring without resolution.
The experience has been quite sad as I placed an order recently but upon receiving the delivery I was shocked to find out that the product was entirely different from what I had ordered. This was a clear case of deceptive practice . I immediately contacted their customer service to address the issue and asked for refund. Despite many attempts to reach out, I did not receive any response or any way to obtain refund for the incorrect item I received.
Myntra cancelled my order after 10 days and I am not even able to get the refund for the amount. It used to be very good shopping app. But the experience is very bad. I have been following up for my refund almost everyday but no solution.
Misleading - I wanted to order some clothing items and I filter the delivery time for the next day, as soon as I paid online the delivery date changes to two days. What is the use of choosing the delivery day? I emailed too but still no response. I had to cancel my order as it has been 5 days which was suppose to be delivered 3 days earlier
Worst experience I had ordered two items and was delivered just one. I waited for a week for the second item thinking that it would be delivered separately. When I checked in the app it was showing that both the items had been delivered. I contacted customer care and they stated that since the 72 hour window has passed neither i would get the item nor the refund. I have the feeling this might be deliberate.
This is an amazing app. I have been shopping with Myntra for a very long time. I always order my apparel and accessories from Myntra. There are so many brands and you get all styles of clothes. The quality is really very good and they have easy return and exchange policy. They also have different offers and sales when you can just get a lot of stuff at a reasonable price. I just love shopping on Myntra.
They do not take back misdelivered product & also they r least interested in entering U for your issues. If it's visible to eye that the product of color is different and also the print is different from what I ordered then also it's not a valid product for return. U know, it should be defective to be valid return. The help center block has an options like wrong product delivered but don't fall for it they don't allow U to return it.After westing my time on customer support I wrote this review
The product return service has become the worst. Whenever I try to return an item, they extend the return date, and after some days, they cancel the return altogether. Now, I feel like if I order something, I have to keep the product even if I'm not using it or if it has size or quality issues. It's like once the item is sold, they won't accept returns.
I have requested for a return due to size issues on 8/4/24 and got the pick up expected date by 11/04/24. But it was never picked up, when tried to contact to the helpline, I chose the option of CHAT WITH US and there got the expected date of pick up by 13/04/24. The due date of pick up passed hence I opted for the option of CALL US but it is a horrible experience as it goes on in a loop to trying to contact the executive. I feel helpless to be stuck with a dress of not my size and high price.
Fraud app. It was good 2 years back. Totally frustrating experience on every order these days. Someone took the returned item from us and didn't update it for months. It was marked as pick up failed and I was treated as cheater by this company. Finally they agreed by and refunded after 6 months. Still used to exhaust all my remaining wallet amount. super Late delivery
I have got very bad experience with this product. Because I have ordered 8 in 1 foot kit and they send me different kit. I have received wrong product.which is totally different from the original one. I raised my complaints so many times. And every time they declined my query. I didn't received strong reply from Myntra. They didn't exchange my wrong product. In my opinion, don't buy this product, because it is useless when you don't receive what u want. Very very disappointed 👎👎👎 Horrible
I bought a product at a high price, which later went on sale and the price low.Customer care suggested a style exchange, but the delivery partner canceled it because the pocket square was unavailable. They refused the exchange and gave false statements. They asked for product images, which I provided, but they ignored them. They kept extending the resolution time until the return period expired, then canceled my exchange, claiming delivery attempts were made, though no delivery was attemp
Myntra used to be genuine and good earlier. Nowadays, myntra is a scam. They are simply adding products under sale, and they don't deliver them at all. It happened twice to me. They are updating the status as the delivery attempted, and the customer is not available at the address. They created a fake delivery and wasted my time for 16 days. Don't fall for their sale scam.
I don't know what the problem is but m the shopping cart is not opening up, it just processing n processing for last 4-5 days. I've added many items that I have to order but all in vain. Network is not a problem as everything else is working fine. I guess this problem started after the updation of app. Plesse look into the matter n resolve this.
The update version has become worst, I am trying to place the order it's completely not working, when I click to view the cart it's just rotating, every time but just rotating others thing I can see brows and all not able to place the order.. Please help to solve the issue Asap
The Contact us facility is terrible. I want to return a product due to size issue, placed the return order within minutes of receiving it and in the same condition as i recieved, yet the return request was out in hold due to some misterious tag which i never received(other than price tag?.And then the never ending loop to try to connect to customer service, which never happens on IVR menu. This terrible experience has made me feel to uninstall the app for good.
Pathetic app, disgusting team. When I returned an item they didn't give full refund, they deducted shipping charges and platform fee of total 99rs. Other online shopping platforms don't deduct such charges they give full refund, when I contacted the team they said it is non refundable. Hence, i am uninstalling the app. I don't recommend it to anyone.
Myntra have worst service.. they won't even gave customer to enter their own question.. I ordered one top they kept postponing delivery date and they cancelled it without even informing me😐 totally unhappy..
I have been purchasing from Myntra for years but recently they've been allowing sellers to sell products nothing like the picture. I tried returning one product a couple days after return window closed because I was not there to receive it and they simply would not accept. The product looks like a garbage bag to put it lightly. Extremely disappointed. Product wasn't cheap either. Cannot believe how bad the quality is nowadays. They are letting people get scammed and doing nothing.
It's been more than 4 years am using Myntra and I can say it's a wonderful app among all the e-commerce sites. I ordered many products from Myntra. Their packaging was secure, ensuring the item was undamaged. They deliver products before the estimated date and The customer service was exceptional. Overall, my experience with Myntra was outstanding.
Myntra runs fraudulent activities behind their glossy app and website. I returned a couple of clothes but the status was never updated on my account. As a result, I never received my refund. Now when I ask Myntra to cross check my return, they simply refuse stating that a return request was never initiated in the first place. This has happened to me on two occasions. Of late they have started this trend of cancelling orders midway citing delivery issues by the seller and 'internal issues'.
Had a disastrous experience with Myntra recently and I have uninstalled my application and will not use further. Recently I had made a purchase of 5 items wherein I had availed a certain amount of bank discount. While returning 2 of 5 items due to quality issue I realised that they were deducting almost 30% of my refund from each product sayin as bank discount recovery charges. This total amount was way more than the original discount availed. Customer sevice blatantly denied further help either
The Myntra I loved has changed for the worse. Very bad experience off late. I was ok with one order being cancelled after few days but now my daughter's shorts have been cancelled without even contacting us. Some times we buy in advance for certain occasions considering the shipping timelines now after 4 - 5 days the order has been cancelled. It leaves us with no choice. Payment was made for all the items. The worst thing is they don't contact you. Silently the order gets cancelled.
Unreliable and unprofessional app. Delayed my items. Did not inform. Customer care ensured it will be delivered in time. Even after the date of expected delivery the products have been indefinitely delayed. Customer care call was disconnected from their end. They didn't even bother to call back. They ask us to give a reason of cancellation on the app but stupid app ensures we can't write anything. Should have ordered from a reliable app as now I can't get anything delivered at the last moment.
Very Very Very Very Bad...................very Bad Experience. Last Time order one buds and this product is used when go to return it there no option to return. when i try Myntra service That is very very bad. it's almost 10 days but still no response. they give me 24 hours,48 hours But no progress. My money is gone. this is scam that Myntra doing. give used product and no option to return or exchange. and then service response. Very Very Very Very bad experience. don't Buy anything from Myntra.
Poor app , very inconvenient. Not able to order .. the app was good 1 yr back. Now its such an inconvenience to order.. the shopping bag does not get displayed. Tried downloading on another phone. Worked for 2 months and now back to same problem. Unable to order. Hope the myntra team will do something to solve the issues. Have tried complaining to myntra customer care , they just close the complaint without customer's genuine opinion
Pathetic customer service. App responds only through bots. Delivery, return and refund service had significantly degraded in last few months. A lot of time is wasted in trying to connect with customer service and getting the problems resolved. Also the resolution time is hopelessly long.
Can't cancel your orders anymore. There's no option for it on the orders page. When I tried to chat with their assistance bot it said you can cancel order by using the cancel order button. But how I'm supposed to press it when it's not there. Even when I called, the automated voice enlisted every query except order cancellation. Now only option to cancel order is to reject delivery at doorstep. It wouldn't have been an issue if my order weren't prepaid. I guess I will switch to COD from now on.
Ordered shoes in discount, and by the time of delivery, they cancelled it due to some "technical issues" ( the cost of the product had well risen by then). Happened twice. I don't believe in Myntra discount seasons anymore.
I am writing this review for the price algorithm of Myntra. I mean, they will increase the price when you add product in the cart. I faced this many times where I was checking some product and added the items in the card but after sometime I came back and you will see the increase in amount. This is highly unprofessional as a seller.
I have been a regular customer of Myntra and never faced any challenges either in their products or delivery or exchange. Recently I purchased few of their fast selling items which were due for delivery like 5-6 days ago yet, I haven't received the products. Myntra has really lowered it's standards in terms of delivery and their customer service adds on.
This was my first experience with myntra and will be my last. I received the wrong item, complained thrice but was only given false assurance that exchange will be done while nothing ofthe sort happened.
Such a bad experience.. 1st they changed the date of delivery from that shown before the order was placed and a different date after the order was placed. Tried cancelling.. Couldn't do it.. Tried calling customer service technical error. Can't select the option I want to just recording running in loops. Disgraceful.
They charge platform fee even if the product is not delivered. my product wasn't delivered to me and the status showed as delivered and i contacted the customer service and they had mentioned that the product was lost in transit and they would refund my amount, and I received it after deducting the platform charge. It's completely there mistake and I dint receive my product also but still they charged platform fee to me and refunded the remaining amount.
I got Scammed. I placed return of the product and pickup was done. But they cancelled return saying product is not reached to warehouse. I raised complaint multiple times. Everytime they asked me to wait for 48 hrs and then close complaint saying they didn't receive product. Now they completely denying refund and asking for the valid proof of pickup. The pick up was done when the myntra supervisor was on call. Check the recording once. Now I'm left without the product and no refund.
First of all majority of the myntra products are duplicates. They are not original. Second thing is regarding convenience fee which is a big scam. There is no point in deducting delivery charges if they are charging convenience fee. If we want to exchange the product and sizes are not available from their end even then they are deducting convenience fee which is clearly their problem. Just cheating customers. I have been a regular customer from years but they don't care about the purchases.
I have had great experience with myntra. The delivery is fast and on time. Myntra is the ultimate destination for fashion and lifestyle.
Myntra used to be my favourite app however from past 6 months I'm facing problem with delivery and return. On March 29th I ordered 3 items and l no delivery attempted and they cancelled the order without any notification. Same happened with April 1st order stuck in delayed delivery then I cancelled the order. Also my Myntra credit not refunded fraudsters. I placed same order from Amazon and got delivery in 1 day. Pathetic app
Worst service ever. Please think double while you buy items and record it and also make sure if you are returning. They are giving refund and sending back the agents to get money from the customer again. Worst experience ever. #shop offline instead. Thanks for making customers fools. Unistalling the app forever.
Always facing problems with delivery. Delivery boy calls on road instead of delivering at door step. Such a pathatic app don't know why they are charging convinience fees when they dont deliver at home. Just waiting for dekivery issue to resolve once i get my refund or product would like to delete the app. And suggest my dear ones not to buy anything from this bakwas app. Meesho is much better delivering app than myntra. Biggggh noooo for shopping from this third class app.
Worse Experience with the return and exchange of items, 1st of all , the delivery guys are not delivering at the door step, 2ndly while returning they are just delaying by rescheduling the pick up. Even though I had call them from my side.Still the response is same from them. Very bad Delivery ,Exchange and Return experiences not only mine but same with my friends too.
You guys are ruining the app. The shopping experience is getting ruined by the random drop down menu. The updates keep getting worse and worse. It used to work perfectly but myntra feels the need to ruin user experience.
Worst app ever I ordered a top and it was large size so I returned it back and I didn't get my refund back was showing that my bank account details is wrong then I edited it but still it is showing that details is incorrect then after that I changed it with another account still same issue that details is incorrect like how.They are doing scam they will not refund me back that's why they are not responding and their customer service is worst they are not helping me they muted their calls .
My recent experience with Myntra was not good as my 2 order got cancelled without any reason, even after they has been transited to the final delivery location. One of the order even out for delivery but not delivered, even not contacted by delivery person. And there is no way to contact to customer care as all executives are always busy in chat and no one to talk in customer care calling.
It been a month I had ordered one top and it's out for delivery since 9th of april and yet it hasn't reached to my location. I have raised multiple complaints but none of their departments can resolve the issue. I asked them to cancel the order n refund my money but they can't even do the same. I actually wonder if Myntra can ever resolve any issues of the customer. They don't deliver your product neither they refund your money! Myntra will never ever can resolve any issues.
Worst App Ever! They cancel the order as per their delivery agent convenience and cancelation has nothing to do with customer still when you call the customer care number then they simply say we couldn't help in this. Wow what a service!!! I ordered a watch for my father's birthday and they canceled it without even informing or delivery attempt. Worst service and staff.
Very bad experience in returning product. The color displyed in the app, doesn't match with the product received. When you'll try to return the product showing the reason that the color is not matching, the pick-up person will say that he can't take it back because the product is not matching with the image. Ultimately you won't get refund. This has happened with me twice. Please be careful with Myntra !!!!!!!
You see there is a new addition of platform fee added to our orders which no other online platform adds and they say it is for smooth operations of the app but still the app lacks fluidity And when you return a product they dont refund the platform fee even if its their fault that they sent a wrong product in the first place When you talk to their support they say that yes the platform fee should be refunded to you but they never refund it, so every time you return a product you're out Rs.20.
I purchased a foundation from Myntra and I received a damaged product and I shared the photos still they were not ready to help to return or replace. Simply they have a claim saying" Hassle free return or exchange". Customer support not helpful at all. Very disappointed that I wasted my money by purchasing through they website. I thought compared the price was less. But they were trying to sell damaged products to customer
Customer care services were better before. I am regular customer and I've never experienced my complaints not being resolved before but now they don't even try to resolve the issues. The app is overall good, prices of the items are reasonable but product delivery and customer care services are very bad.
Even 0 star is too much for this FAKEntra. Only cheap, duplicate products are sold here. No helpline service is working. Never ever shop in CHEATntra. Stealing extra ₹20 in every single order. They don't care what you order. Most of the times, they'll deliver different products as their wish. And forget about any resolution. Uninstall Myntra.
Fraud app. Recently I have purchased an item from mytra app and I have returned it with a day due to some issues. I have selected Myntra wallet to get my amount refund. And amount credited to my wallet. But after a week, automatically my Myntra account have been logged out and I can't able to login again. When I contacted the customer service, they said that u had done some un authorised or violance thing, so we have deactivated your account..... And saying that they can't share whats the reason
One of the worst shopping sites with worst customer services. Edited - I had 2k balance under myntra credits and after multiple return and exchanges, my last balance was 1174 but after 1 month when I'm checking my balance, it is showing 0 even though the validity is upto Oct 2024. Simply they are looting people with the name of myntra credits option. Last time I had lost 1053 and I never got back the same.
Bad packaging, even though the product is leaking, pics are shared, the call center says will resolve the issue but silently closes the issue without informing. Also, after putting on waiting for 8 mins, cutting the call without any resolution. Bad experience.
This app should have customized delivery address change option for orders. If it's still in other state , why can't anyone change the address within her or his own state? This option should be given . I liked this app very much in earlier days. Nowadays it's customer support service is horrible. So now I'll shift to other apps if my concern is not solved. Why have you changed Max cart item?
Another poor experience on customer service call. Lot of technical glitch due to which payment gets failed and you cannot apply discount . My issue is yet not resolved. I ordered a shampoo. You sent bottle with less than half the quantity. I noticed and raise a ticket but you guys kept the ticket open. No one is resolving the issue. Super pathetic service.
Worst shopping app ever, their agent had picked my return order and he didn't confirmed the return order.I raised the complain in the app with the help of their costumer executive he said don't worry sir you will be get your refund but after sometimes they declined by saying that give us valid proof of your order has been picked up. They don't have the common senses from where do i get the proof that return order has ben picked up.
Gone are the days when myntra was offring competitive prices for its customers. Now The prices of items on myntra are much higher than other apps. Sometimes the rates are double or more. It is time to review the policy before the customer will start uninstalling this app to free some space in mobiles. Besides while opening the app is responding late than other apps.
I ordered sheos no delivery guy reached me ever but im getting updates of delivery attempts failed. even i complaint in chat support but same thing happened again there is no such service available where you can chat to some person. You can only select what options bot offers you. I tried to call customer care from last 2 days but there is some error in selecting the language during call. It's taking forever to set language. Worst experience
The experience has been quite sad as a I placed an order recently but upon receiving the delivery i was shocked to find out that the product was entirely different from what I had ordered this was a clear case of deceptive Practice i immediately contacted there costumer service to address the issue an asked for refund dispites many attempts to reach out they just simply refused my return request by saying we have checked it it's nd we cant do anything everyone just reading script, Disappointed
It is best ever shopping app i have seen with promised coupons and good pricing wit no hidden charges and also original products ..... well done myntra
I am icon member of Myntra don't know if this mean anything or not. I am using this from more than 6 year now Recently I found some continuous issue with orders . For express delivery odred getting delayed and there was no options for replacement as it started showing not available for your location. Second refund process my deducting some amount. Third no gift card available for Myntra coin so no use of such tag like ICON. Worst experience.
The jeans were literally wore by someone as I found something in the right pocket and also, the zipper is flipped, the product is close to 800, and the final price is 906.Shipping fee, handling fee and delivery fee, total 100 rs extra.Also i did not get my refund from returning ,it shows incorrect account details, i have corrected many times nothing worked.Got charged 100 rs extra for trouser,got the product in bad condition and i didnot even got my refund wow.So Myntra is a scam app.
Used to be a great app. But I lost my money twice in last 3 months. The delivery executive picked up the product after my return request but I never got the refund back. On second occasion, they refused to pick up the product for no reason and I got stuck with the wrong size shoe.
DONT TRUST - "FRAUDS". There are so many difficulties which everyone can observe. When try to contact customer care they(IVR) never connect to customer care but re-loop/ redirect to orders placed which ever option we choose to talk to customer; Most of my orders got cancelled and few delivered were sent me used and missing parts. The delivery time is worst, they deliver after 2-3 weeks to metro cities(Bangalore) Never allow/approve to write real and problem facing reviews, Moderator rejects.
What the hell is wrong with myntra I ordered shoes 2 times and both times it got cancelled and it's showing that it got cancelled as per my request dude I'm waiting for that shoes from 1month. Myntra can you please explain this. Order reaches to my nearest warehouse and it gets cancelled I mean how????? I'm really disappointed!!!!!
They bully people. I do not recommend that anybody should ever use this site. My experience was appalling and I am still scarred by the delivery, customer care, and management experience. I had paid for a product which I never got, nor was my money refunded; and after several complaints, they just pick my calls and put me on hold forever. If this is not fraud I wonder what it. I've contacted consumer complaint and I hope they help me against this bully site. STAY AWAY FROM MYNTRA! STAY AWAY!!!
Very very worst delivery service .. I request to all users to not order on this app which you need urgent .. even , on helpline they did not doing at this at all ..
Not able to change setting as optimised image quality always in tick it leads to not able to see the products image clearly.
Full of duplicate brands. Myntra supporting it unconditionally. Zero value for customer loyalty. CC team's only line - 'we cannot help you'
All items worth for money last 4yeara I am using this app. customer care services and chat support very genuine people are working. Electric items also good value. better ajio and Amazon flipkart
So nice....I returned my items many times..there is no delay...money return process is smooth..no delivery charge ..awesome experience 😀
One of the worst app All are local brands 2nd thing when you get a particular refund on that time it'll charge you the most dirty platform fee. What is the Platform? Where is the platform? It just a shopping site. You're a normal retail clothing seller. Who charge their cx in a very dirty way. Change you site name and keep it as Myntra Mafia
Worst and scam fake app across the world whenever i place order they update lie packed there and here tomorrow arriving,and arriving day they cancel our order Worst app don't use this use amazon flipkart is best
This app was good until recently. I hate the fact that whenever I open the app or search for an item, the stupid fwd store opens first. Its such a pain in the neck.
I recently had a highly satisfactory experience using the Myntra app for an online purchase. I was in search of a specific pair of sneakers and was impressed by the extensive selection available. The app's user interface is well-designed, offering intuitive navigation and comprehensive filters for size, brand, and price, which facilitated a streamlined shopping experience.The product pages are detailed, featuring high-quality images from multiple angles and thorough descriptions, which were comp
Pathetic service.. wrong product delivered to me.. I raised this issue b4 5days & I uploaded images also then also they close my ticket saying images are not available... multiple times I called to customer care they are saying v will look into the matter, but still no response received.. mistake is all about the seller and Mynta, but customer is suffering.. this is not acceptable from popular shopping platform... Think twice b4 buying any product from Myntra.. 1 of frnd also faced same issue
Fraud app, their app has multiple issues. Even if you had an issue happened from their side you'll get zero assistance. Better use Amazon
Easy to use, lots of options to choose from. The returns are very convenient as well.
It is an amazing app to shop as it also provides a good quality of clothes with a lots or rewards and coupons ...I love this app
Keep up the excellent service.. Thank you so much...I am extremely happy with your service, especially the great discounts. Thank you extremely !
Love this app. Very helpful for choosing options. Choosing size. and quality of product. browsing and item is so slow on app open a single item is takes almost 16 seconds is too much. 🙏🏻 India's I think I spend maximum time on Myntraso please and it's my experience.it is my continuous third edit.listen my complaint
Good products with smooth delivery experience! Every one should must try Myntra, thanks and warmest regards!
Worst connected shopping app, any other shopping will even if it's low network area but Myntra will not even if the network is good.. the slowest app ever
Just because I placed my order when I was getting more discount, they cancelled my order saying unforeseen circumstances and customer care had only one solution - replace order on higher price. If they dint want to sell on that price, why they even quoted the same at first place.
all are fine, good app, single problem , if wrong product received then difficult. Refund system very quickly n fine
Product is very Handy and Feel comfortable while carrying. Quality of the product is Excellent. I loved it. 😊😊👍👍
Customer support Chat is really bad. No other options are given to chat. It is the really bad experience
Excellent quick shopping app, especially for those who don't get time to go to a mall.
This app is not good for me because of once the cancellation the product the amount is not credit my account or any Wallet but they add there app becouse of after also buy any product at the app and that amount also expired in 1year after that amount also loss we are so don't buy at here products all good but like this type of issues with verry bugs to show at myntra
Fraud! I return my order and they initiate the refund amount and said that it will be reflected in your account in 1 day but soon after they deactivated my account and the refund money didn't come into my account till now .
I had 2000 rupees in my Myntra wallet and had to change my sim for some reason.they are not giving me and option to tranfer to another account or use it,even after giving all necessary proof documents
A very nice app with a quality of clothes, and also very fast services even in this pandemic nd they give back refund in just one day, i like collection of the clothes it's very nice. Thank you
Fastest way to get your favourite stuff online. I was trying to get a perfume as early as possible , other 2 apps showed 6 days lead time. Myntra said tommorow:)
This application customer support is worst... I have ordered the things from here... First time person delivered wrong and cheap product... Second time without delivering the person marked the item as delivered... And after that I messaged and called many time but they didn't pick up for refund... They didn't refund.. Now I am afraid of order from this application...
Pathetic service from you people for the last 1 month I have been requested for return but every time delivery boy is saying some ... have quality issues for that I want to return 1)The delivery boy said products are totally different 2)The next time he said person not available 3) Now in the last 1 week he's rejecting saying package is different.. I'm really irritated with this behaviour I'm continuing doing followup nothing out comes.and calling respective saying I can't hold that delivery
App has great collection. Prices are also not bad. You get wide variety of selection
Actually not a single star for Myntra ... Very very bad experience ... I choose and ordered two bed sheets ... They send me totally different colour bedsheet , which are very bad quality ... Totally money waste ...
Very Good App interms Of clothing But very very bad interms Of refund process and cancelled items money refund process and customer care service I am only give this rating for refund process I already sent a mail
I have booked for a kurta. But they delivered the item twice. I made a complaint. But no answer. I am not going to order any items as I am not happy
I always choose myntra to order my products as the price and offers are reasonable and good in discount..all the products I received are genuine..thank you myntra
Many options available with Quality level maintained. Service is also good. Return policy is also good.
I bought one suit from here but that suit was not matched with the image which was they shown in picture after that I applied return now they not accepting ,dnt but from this side ,even my sister bought kurta set they did not sent ,and not given refund ,am requesting all people they doing scam with us so dnt use to buy from here
Very nice aap for all online clothes shopping made very much convenient with superb deals,covnient dilevery,easy returns,quick refund and co-operative help desk for queries.
Myntra provider lots of products and each and every products are very good also distributors are very good some standard products are very well and they give me a lots of facility in packaging so I love it
Service is really nice from myntra. When faced any issues. They're resolved quickly. I like this alot.
I love very much from shopping here. From here I have get good quality and also variety of design with reasonable price. So I love this
Since last year Myntra has started harassing the genuine customers. Faced 2 instances last year one was regarding product marked delivered but I didn't get it & the recent was wrong product delivery. In both scenarios they had generic response. We can't do anything. Once the issue is transferred for further review you can be assured we can't do anything that would be the response you'll be getting. Not sure why they have kept the so-called icon tier if they can't respect & cater to its members.
Using Myntra since long. Quality & their return policies are quite user-friendly. I find Myntra is my shopping hub for outfit to make up or jwellery in a decent cost.
I’ve been a loyal customer of Myntra for quite some time, but my recent experiences have been nothing short of disappointing. The Myntra support is just chat bot no one is responding, whatsapp support zero. The whole service is zero zero zero zero. Shame shame shame. Amazon and Flipkart is better choice. You're just exaggeration cause I tried to reach on every platform to make query about my order which was going to deliver today. Poor, bad and shameful service. Zero star service
Very poor customer service even for decades old clients. No customer service, only profit mongering. Company has stooped to very low standards. Save your time and mental peace and find another application for your needs.
Horrible experience with them, not able to connect to customer care. Pathetic service. They give lame excuses for not returning / exchanging the product. Nothing is hassle free on myntra. In past, there services were good but now it is waste of money to purchase anything from them. They treat customer as beggars.
Delivered incomplete product, and denying return saying product didn't pass quality check when the fact of the matter is that nobody has come to pick up the return only. Customer care is not giving any resolution
sometimes the quality of the products are good sometimes the qualities are bad.in the past when we complain about the product better qualities were send but nowadays this has stopped
I love Myntra as it has wide variety of things available and delivery time as well returning, refunding services are also good.
Amazing user experience 🤩 and quality of products are fabulous 😍.I personally addicted to this app which improved my outfit 😉.
Myntra products are satisfactory and also very fast to give and take return of delivery. Still good Discounts awaited . As offers are same mostly in sale and festivals
Beware:* Always inspect your order thoroughly at the time of delivery. If you receive a damaged or incorrect product, be prepared for a potentially lengthy verification process. *Tips:* 1. Check your order carefully at the time of delivery. 2. Take photos of the product and packaging before opening. 3. If you receive a damaged/old product, contact Myntra immediately. 4. Be prepared to provide photo verification and other details. *Rating:* 1/5 stars (due to poor product quality and verification
I have ordered multiple times from this app. And this is so good also affordable, The time depends on the product. Hope to shop more from this in upcoming days! ☺️🪞🫧🎀🐇💚🦢☁️💌🥛🍙🧸🪽🤍 🫧
Never buy on Myntra , they are looting customers in the name of coupons and discounts. Pathetic thing is they are charging platform fee and shipping fees where other stores are delivering it for free. Myntra sucks !! 0/5 Rating .
I have very good experience with muntra , one of my product is disappointing and i tried alot to return but im unable to do so then myntra team helped me very well not only in return but also refund
Best deals ,variety of products with good quality, easy returns. Overall happy shopping experience in Mynta
Very bad experience about there return and pickup policy, I had return a product for the size problem and the replacement was not possible in my pincode. But 10 days have gone no pickup agent call or message me. The customer care call service of Myntra app very bad,after 40 times calling the call was connected two days after on Sunday.I raised my complain through the chat.They give me the last pickup date on 31st May. Still now any call or text of the pickup agent have not came.Very disappointed
I literally disappointed with Myntra. I made an order and feel happy that it is taking less time to deliver the order. But delivery date came but no delivery. And it is been in our city from 5 days but not delivered. This is my first order that I made in myntra. In my first order itself Myntra disappointed me😒😔.
Worst app worst return policy,I have recieved wrong product and return was rejected as the box is opened and the worst thing os there is no seal for the box.
It is very easy to order and return if not to your liking amazing easy and convenient
I love shopping from Myntra, unlike Flipkart and Amazon the products sold here are more authentic and of good quality if in clothing. I love Myntra 🥰
During Myntra delivers substandard products . Also most of the time they do not deliver the product which is ordered . They send different product and also do not replace it. They cancel customer's return request.
Myntra is the best for online shopping because myntra cares customers and deals with original and genuine products. It is 100% trustworthy. I love myntra. Thank you Naaz
I will boycott Myntra for good, I have used it for long time... But recently Myntra did not settled my issues since last month..... After even contacting for several times.... After receiving missing product......
Very good online shopping app and exchange and return policy are awesome...trusted online shopping app..I am using this app last 6 years
Myntra never allows to publish negative reviews, please be careful with the positive one. As truth is blocked and unpublished. New era monopoly.
Their service has been amazing ever since they established and hasn't changed a bit. 5 stars for that!
I am unable to login. The moment I would wishlist an item, the app prompts that I enter my phone number. After doing so and the OTP, I'm asked my details. After filling that as well, I'm back to the page where I again could not wishlist without the whole process starting again and again!
I ordered a kid kurta set product and myntra delivered me some other designed product ,after having word with customer care I exchange it then 2nd time I got same product , I return it and without noticing me they canceled my product, I agin raised return with the help of customer care they assure me that now it will return..but they agin canceled it without noticing me..& now you are telling me that u send me right product.. surprisingly how.. I hav pictures of both products..RETURN MY MONEY..
This app doesn't give us offer as per the advertisement we see online I tried multiple times to avail the first time login user offer but Myntra didn't supported me no coupon is available and they saying they are giving sale of and reason I don't feel they are giving actually so don't get overhead by looking at their ads because they are fake thank you @myntra
I ordered a Bela Vita Organic eyelashe growth serum today - i.e on 2nd June 2024. My oder will be delivered on 10th June . I have received an email regarding the product expiry date showing on my mail is 2nd March 2024. I want to clarify if they are giving me expired product or not. I am unable to contact them. I want the product and I don't want to cancel the same , I don't want an expired product. I want to connect with customer care but Myntra has set few limited bars on which we can connect.
Best place to shop anything fashion related. Myntra really cares for it's customers, specially if ur a insider. I've been their customer for a long time now and I really like the service they provide. One thing I don't like these days is charging platform and extra 30 bucks for COD's. Platform fee seems fair not CoD. It has to be removed soon.
Superb quality, superb delivery, super exchange process and that's why I keep on shopping and superb discount on every brand
Worst application to shopping recently I ordered shoes of two pairs. One came with a seal tag and another one did not, so i returned the shoes but the delivery boy was not taking return because of the missing seal tag I raised a compliment to the customer care multiple times regarding this issue but the issue is not resolved. Bad experience by using Myntra.
Why am I not able to Login to my account? The error msg displays internal server issue. How do it resolve the issue, please help
Fashionable product with great quality and low prices. Really fantastic shopping experience.
Price hiked compared to other ecommerce platforms for the same category of products. Otherwise UX is awesome
Worst service ever!! Can't even deliver the product in time !! And cancel the order later By themself!!!
delivery denied on my pincode suddenly. This is creating issue. Kindly fix if possible. restart the delivery.
The fashion was good I absolutely loved it💫 but i rate 3 starts because the problem is the quality of the app it doesn't seem good the app is blurry 😐 I dont know whether it happens to me myntra I kindly ask you pls fix it the only problem is that when I open the app that doesn't seems clear it is blurry pls fix it thank you
Have been using the app from past few years and only thing I can say is instead of improving the quality it has been degrading instead . Somehow the price of product during the the sale is more than the regular price and it's really disappointing... Myntra is the worst app one could ever come across....
I never seen like this fraud app. I ordered 9 items . But only I got 7 items. One item is missing and another one is they sent me very worst wront damaged item. Still I didn't get refund or replacement item. But they closed my querys. With out proper information. I lost more than 1k
Had the worst experience with the Myntra customer support. None of customer service representatives (including the escalation supervisors) had no knowledge in how the verification and login is supposed to work. Two accounts from Myntra were created due to a technical glitch for the same phone number and e-mail address but the customer service representatives blatantly denied and refused to restore my account.
It is very bad app my order is not delivered and one time it's make my product price automatically please don't order in this app
Best app for online shopping to find different product,clothes and whatever you want. Thank you mantra 😊❤️
Hope this review saves the innocent customer. Now the quality and service is just torture. I have ordered few skincare product and without any contact from delivery agent they had cancelled my order and now it's been a month. Still I haven't get my return. Every time i go to helpdesk they say that "my query has been recorded" but not resolved yet. You can order clothing but not skincare. The price are high and service is pathetic.
It is become now fraud company...they spend hefty on ads...and not value customers anymore... they send cheap quality products to customers and after that too don't accept the return.. or refund
I used to order 90% of my clothes from Myntra till a year back. But recently have been facing issue of recieving wrong product. Don't know whether the product details are misleading or they simply can't read the order details or labels. Utterly dissappointing. Specifically facing this issue in Jeans, category.
Quality of products has gone very down. They give major discounts on shampoos but either the 1 litre bottles have lesser shampoos or the nail paints they send have lesser quantity. I have verified this by purchasing same item from either Tira or Nykaa & it is very disappointing. Customer service is very poor, as always.
1/4 of the search result is ad. Better I buy directly from whichever brand I like. Kudos for the UX.
Your delivery person came and collected my returned requested product and when he came to collect, I asked him to check the price tag and other things he said no it's fine everything is okay. After 3hrs he called and told that your price tag is missing we can't refund you and you won't get to keep this clothes as well. Then I argued with him so he came again and gave the clothes without price tag and he was like please don't argue you will get your refund but after 1 day I called back as I did
Shirts, trousers in slim fit, required for your models, I require lose, parallel fit regular fit. Child app, Only children purpose shopping app, because for gents L,XL jackets very rare. 36 trousers very rare. 42 shirts very rarely available, same is for ladies. Even shoes of 6, 7size not available. Just show of MODELs in app. It is not an app for serious shopping.
Customer care is not at all good. AI response doesn't work well. And ,there is no option to type your questions ,you just have to choose from the options given. I couldn't find the option to call easily and when i called AI failed to solve my problem, i wish i could connect with some person to solve my issue.
Didn't liked their service at all.. They just wish to sell out their old products in the name of sale.. I too ordered a product, by mistake I ordered the wrong size, now guess what they refused to exchange the product... Just your money vanishes if u trust them,on being a regular customer, they treat you in a very rude manner.... Very bad service.. Totally disappointed 😞 Now they have started charging for platform fees as well, for every order... Now that's too much..😞 Totally Disappointed ☹️
Search style add to bag trust and believe Myntra app. Click to place the order. Quality and service superb 💓🙂Happy kid🤗....666#🖤
I don't know what's wrong with this platform but most of the times the items are undeliverable for me. I've tried more than 3 pincodes and none of them work. Disappointing as hell. Also the cash on delivery option is not available at all. So frustrating!!
It has been my favorite shopping app n i prefer myntra 1st.. but i got terrible and unsatisfied service from myntra. I am trying to contact customer care i am trying to call them but they are not giving satisfactory reason they just saying wait for 3 to 5 business day don't know which business day they follow. I have requested for refund but it's been 2 weeks my refund is not credited yet.. it's a type of fraud.
Worst app ever But are taking 3 weeks to refund for the product that was not even delivered Upon getting approval of claim that the package don't contain the product After providing all necessary information. They are putting product on return and then asking me to cancel it and then inform the team On informing they are again putting on return and asking me to cancel then wait for cancelation They are repeating it, it's third time now with no guidance towards refund or resolution
Recently I received a completely wrong product(shirt of People brand instead of Roadster brand, with Roadster tag), raised customer service request to exchange it. They declined my request multiple times even after showing all images and details. Horrible experience. Never experienced this kind of behavior in many years of usage of the app.
Despite having ordered a dress from Myntra, my order history is not displaying any record of this purchase. Additionally, I have attempted to reach out to your help center, but it is only loading and not allowing me to raise my concern. I have been a loyal customer of Myntra for many years and have made numerous purchases without issue. However, the current problem with the order
Shopping experience is really worse. Order get delayed. Even after talking to the customer service help desk number of times, the only reply from them is "sorry for the inconvenience cause to you," but they do nothing. Myntra doesn't care about customers. If they dont want to deliver the article, then why do they accept the order.
To costly in comparison to other shopping apps, takes to much time to deliver, doesn't update about the ordered product, items in the cart vanishes suddenly. Overall didn't have a good experience with the app
The app/website is so buggy, it's frustrating. In payment options, it doesn't let me enter UPI ID, just the options of opening the UPI app. This is a standard feature for any basic e-commerce website. Second, when I installed the app on another phone and tried to login, it only gives the option to logon via mobile number. Where is the option to logon via email? Again, that's a basic feature. When I gave the mobile number, it just created a new account instead of my old account.
I exchanged a few items twice because of size issue but it is showing that I have to pay 200 convince fee for next 20 orders. Why??? It's showing that my returns are higher than an average customer. BUT I NEVER RETURNED ANYTHING. I have to say that myntra does FAKE AVERTISING. You guys say free exchange or return with full refund. But you don't tell you are going to force the customer to pay a total of 4000 if they dare to have a size issue. I deleted the app 2 years ago, have not used it since.
I'm really disappointed with the user experience of this app. I had received damaged product so I placed an exchange request. This app doesn't allow to select reason for exchange or include images or videos of the product we want to exchange. You have to call help center and open an issue and then the images will fail to upload numerous times. Then you have to reach via email. Definitely not hassle free. Myntra have such a good collection yet such a bad customer service experience.
Now Myntra is deactivating the accounts of its customers, if you create a new account then it also gets deactivated. So don't buy anything from Myntra. If you ordered something and prepaid for it and then Myntra deactivates your account then what will you do? You will neither get that product nor your money back. And myntra's reply is useless, they just try to make fool other customers by sending this useless message, nothing happens.
Pathetic delivery experience, worst and entitled customer support I have seen in 12+ years of my experience with this app. Their services has gone downhill into dumpster. I would never use this kind of app ever again. Asking a logical question to your support team is a good way to get your call disconnected and attitudes and excuses to disconnect it are there too.
The customer service has become very poor. The order was showing 'shipping delayed' for 2 weeks after which I cancelled the order. I was asked to wait for 20 mins for the refund. I contacted the customer service thrice in a week, they kept asking for a "48 hour timeline" and I still haven't received my refund. Very slow service, would not recommend .
Everything was good until one day I ordered 2 pieces of clothing worth 1078 and I got only a single package so thought they might have sent it in one but when I opened it it was a different product so when I was trying to return this they asked me to return 2 products but I received only one I have been constantly calling customer care but I didn't get any response everything I heard was a ai was which was repeating the same thing now what can I do if any one can plz help me
Excellent product range. Best price. Nice packaging. Quick delivery.
The app is good....but customer service is worst...I have received a damaged product...but myntra customer service is neither supporting or giving any info about product exchange....everything I have to follow up with them and each time they say I need to wait for 48 more hrs...this has been happening since last one week...I recommend not to download this app...coz the customer service is pathetic
My worst experience was with Myntra. I placed my first order, expecting delivery in three days. When it didn't arrive, I contacted customer care, but they had no explanation and just said, "Please wait a little more." When I asked for a date, they said, "Please wait at least six more days." I decided to wait one more day, but Myntra canceled the order without explanation. Myntra, if you don't have a product, don't list it. This wastes time and prevents customers from buying it elsewhere.
I don't want to shop during sale why I have to pay extra for normal shopping and why is the option closed to place order ?? Nice strategy as is the sale prices will be higher than the normal. Day by day products getting worst, new strategy making it hard to shop and the user experience is turning worst. Thank you for not listening and following your rules.
Ordered some other product and got a wrong product for which they took money but when I asked to exchange, they keep on cancelling and I lost the money and didn't still get the right product yet , it's very disappointing as my other order is also being delayed and not yet delivered even after 2 to 3 months , this has becoming a regular thing now and I want my money or the correct product but the Mynthra team isn't ready to do either of them and it's totally not worth it , just lost my money.
Really awesome jewellery.Love it to buy again. Just go for this without any doubt.Packaging is also very good that all items are wrapped in bubble wrap. All items are intact. The price is very affectionate than any other market place or any other online platform
My consumer experience has been so bad with Myntra. I never received the order but it is showing up as delivered. Never got the money back. Such a bad experience with the logistics. The order gets "undelivered". I don't who is running Myntra so bad.
In my case I couldn't login and it says account locked. There was a contact is link in that I can place only call back request. I got a call back and he says account is not locked....worst interface in regards to customer care which is more important for any app. There is no email support as well to send my screenshot to myntra. Purely wasted my time to login but no use at all. No proper help from myntra customer care as well. Update: As on 7th April still couldn't login.
The app has been my best choice of all the time.. It's been 2 yrs since I'm using this app whenever I want to purchase or order for my needs occasionally.. Myntra has a best collection of all the brands with luxe items and if I find some quality issue of the product I can return it easily and get refunded.. Myntra also comes up with an offers of the various brands and updates each and every notifications of those items.. I must say Thank you Myntra.. 👍
It's my first time purchasing from Myntra and I had a Very very worst experience. I placed a return request, it's showing its refunded but I haven't received my refund back. Even I checked it with my bank support team, it's not received yet. And Customer cares are so pathetic. Extremely disappointed.
Never resolves an issue. If you don't receive a product - you raise complaint - they show it as resolved stating they conducted investigation without even consulting you. Happened several times. I am an Icon member. If this has happened to me, can and possibly happening with may others. Worst!!
The platform fee is non refundable even if the wrong product is delivered which is no fault of the customer. The whole amount including the platform fee should be refundable in situations where the customers are not at fault. Otherwise soon or later long time customers like me are going to stop buying on myntra and go back to the good old local stores
Pls uninstall this app ! It's fraud . I have no idea where my order is it's been more than a week and then I came to realise that Myntra has no proper customer care service. They have ai generated replies which are customised and they just keep replying to the questions they frame, that's it . This is the same thing that's happening to calls to . We can't contact a human being to share our issues . And they provide number of their delivery agent , nd this person will not available 24/7 . Scam !
Without my permission they cancelled my order.. always delay in delivery... They give offer to us then we order the product the day delivery delayed the without asking they cancelled the order.. what a logic always worst experience.. it's second I am facing this.. 👎🏻👎🏻👎🏻👎🏻👎🏻👎🏻👎🏻👎🏻👎🏻👎🏻👎🏻👎🏻👎🏻👎🏻👎🏻👎🏻👎🏻👎🏻👎🏻👎🏻👎🏻👎🏻👎🏻👎🏻👎🏻👎🏻👎🏻👎🏻👎🏻👎🏻👎🏻👎🏻👎🏻👎🏻👎🏻👎🏻👎🏻👎🏻 Guys go for another app .. it will deliver the product on time . Worst Myntra 👎
I have always done shopping through Myntra but since last 2 times I have had a very bad experience with Myntra, their customer care service is very bad, I have not got my money back since 2 times or These people are making me wait sometimes for 42 hours and sometimes for 72 hours... It is very sad that even after waiting I have not received the refund.
Worst experience ever. I'm not going to use this Application. Their customers supports and delivery system are worst . Very cheep quality. I order something and get something else . And after that I place a return order. Then it can't be done. This is a big scam.
The service quality has degraded. Feels as if they deliberately deliver u a product that doesn't match the image shown. U'd look fr an exchnge but u don't get 'style exchng' rather only 'size exchnge'. Clearly u'd not wish 'size exchnge' of the same anymore (apprehending what u hav already experienced with the order). U will then look fr 'Return'.It deducts Rs 50/- frm the refund-to-be amount. Then they deal with it cunningly & ur 'Return' is never picked up.U now bound to keep the wrong product
During sale season they received my pre-paid order and gave 15 days time to dispatch it . After long duration of waiting they cancelled my order automatically. This is not fair at all. If you don't want to sell your products with discount then why you collect orders at the name of sale... ..
Worst site on the internet, they can deactivate your account whenever they want without any prior notice, plus the customer care people would not even corporate and guide you throgh your problem. I've ordered four iteams and wanted to return it, these people had deactivated my account after i bought these iteams and now they are saying they can not accept my return request. Totally disappointed myntra. And customer care.
Worst experience I've ordered many times n once i didn't like the Quality of the shirt n n i made return ... i got refund of 713rs where i paid 830rs n they seems they can't refund amount of shipping charges n platform charges ... if they didn't charge shipping charges it's fine but why i need to pay platform charges n COD charges for the product i didn't keep ...n they're looting money like this from all .....n seriously u r taking platform charges for shopping at your app .... seriously!.
Worse app. Without any orders placed or using, they deactivate the account and don't let you log in. They just suck. It was a good app now they just keep blocking for their own mistakes. Sends products with the wrong size. If you return, they block you. This is like forcing customers to buy from them..Mafia things. Nice slowly, everyone will buy offline. Too good you're doing. Since an year I didn't use the account and still they blocked the account
It is worst app, product is good, but when we ordered product, the ordered item was they canceling without informing us. And same item reordering time its price was double than later ordering time so this is my experience. So don't like this appp other online app are better than this....
They send used wrong products and then deactivate account without any intimation when you return them keeping all the money in wallet. Worst service lately with customer care not helping in any regard even if the issue is from seller. My money in the wallet was not returned. They use these methods to steal all the money in the wallet.
Try using the Help option. If you tap on "call us", this app will take you to the chat option. If you go to chat they are eager to close the chat with questions like: does this help you/answer your query. The 2 options are 1.Yes, 2. No, End chat. What if the user needs actual help/support. Very cheap tactic and poor CX. Just remove the call us option. Untrustworthy! And arrogant! Unable to add screengrab here.
It's a global platform of online shopping but very disappointed with refund of money. It seems to be a fraud in return of money after taking the product from customer. While calling and doing the process of Bank n they said to be return In next 5 6 days but unfortunately no return money. The amount is 1099 . Please look after this issue or else customer is disappointed as money is not return nor can do any shopping from that money after being defect product return.
Customer support is very poor, there is size issue on my ordered product after consecutively two times exchange i am getting very same product ,it seems like myntra don't even look at the customer specifications and supply whatever they like ..the frustrations is more about there is no direct call support for customer, it means if you stuck some where at this platform it will whirl you in loop of 15 days ...a complete no responsibility towards it's customer..
I don't really understand what frequently happens with this application!! Now it has come up with the issue that you can't add items to your collections. I hope this issue will be resolved soon or else this has been leading towards dissatisfied with this application's proper functioning.
Tried multiple time to exchange or return the wrong delivered product, but unable to do so. Very pathetic service in terms of exchange or return.
Awesome application and nice platform to buy any kind of clothes according to new trends under reasonable rates.
Hopeless app . They cancel the order on their own will. If the price of a product rises after the order , they deliberately delay the order and later cancel it without any reason . Always msg came that delivery failed though it was not the case , even after raising the query the representative confirmed that it was not the case . I am never ever going to use this app .
Myntra has started a new policy to cheat customers. I recently ordered a product. The wrong product (completely different product) was delivered. Upon return, some amount was deducted while refunding. When spoke to them,they said its platform fee which will be deducted if order is returned. I asked them to deliver the right product but they didn't. Why should client pay for ignorance of Myntra team?
This is such a waste platform to buy products. At first they will show product at low price and when checking out they add platform and cod fees extra and if after receiving the product if customer didn't like the product we can return but customer have to bear loss of this cod fees platform fees GST fees etc.. this is such a fraud. If we call customer support they will not help for anything. End of the day Myntra shopping is loss of time and money.
Recently I ordered a luxury brand product and received the same with very poor packaging and it also had scratches all over it. It was completely looked like a duplicate product.Refrain from buying luxury brand product from myntra. Moreover, they do not approve your genuine review about the duplicate product.
This product I received with damage... when I talked with customer care, they said we verified it n we checked quality it good... if it's good, then how I get defective product...and main thing is they did not refund it or exchange it... now how much photo n tell them is comes with defected I don't know.. It's a very bad experience with myntra.. In fact, there's customer care, and they also dont have seance.
Absolute garbage it cancelled my order on its own just a day before delivery,the item was in stock and was transported near my locality.This happened to me twice in a week, when I called customer support no one was picking up the call ,no response was given. They've ruined my birthday. I will never ever use this.
Return& refund policy is horrible these days on Myntra.On Customer care no. there is only repeat of options...&not connected to a real agents .I'm not able to get my refund for my recent order but the app is showing that your refund credited.Worst experience.
Very premium products of various famous brands. There is lot of scope for selection. Just few months back I started with Mytra as per my daughter's advice and found very good products with beautiful design and pattern. But price is high when compared with other websites.
The app is good but plz DON'T USE THE DELHIVERY COURIER SERVICES. The delivery agents associated with Delhivery never delivers the order and make false updates on tracking Status. EKart services are best . They always delivers the order at time. DELHIVERY just wastes the time and they never take action against their delivery agent. I am fed up with complaining. I always get my order returned.
One of my trusted Shopping App. Very convenient to use and variety of collections.
Absolutely pathetic! I always face problems with every product I order from Myntra. Last time, they delivered a different product. Recently, the shoe size was smaller than what I ordered.
I would have given 0 rating of that was an option. At first these people sent a completely different product. When I raised a complaint, they keep on marking it as "issue resolved". I am so frustrated that my exchange product was at my doorstep but the delivery executive declined to deliver. These people are frauds. Never go for Myntra. They are only here to take advantage of your money. Their customer service is also useless.They lie about the status of my tickets and order.Never go for Myntra!
I have a very bad experience today... I ordered 2 t shirts from fast delivery 2 in days option. But the parcel has not been delivered. I wanted to gift it to my friend for his birthday.... I can't trust this app Myntra anymore. Please you guys don't do this. We place product orders with great confidence.
Best app for shopping....with closed eyes I can guarantee on myntra quality...but the only issue is delivery partner.....they mostly delayed....and they aren't deliver the parcel at doorstep.... So this is d major issue I'm facing in these weeks ......I request myntra to do something to resolve my problem....thnq
One of the wrost app i have ever seen, They have expired my own amount after 1 year which I was keeping in the Myntra wallet. Created multiple ticket through app which was just closed without response. Very bad experince , it feels like someone stolen my hard earned money.
2 days back I ordered few products. The products requirement was urgent as I am traveling to other city today, so I placed it under 2 days express delivery. I was notified that all the products were out for delivery yesterday morning. From afternoon I called the delivery agent multiple times but he didn't respond and the products were not delivered. In the Myntra app it is showing that delivery agent tried connecting me but I didn't respond. Now it is showing delivery will be attempted soon.
I've been a regular shopper from Myntra. But recently the UI changes have been crazy.. Every few days the UI is changed and I just have to figure from where to go to the correct category I need. I hope the UI developers can just maintain some consistency for ease of use of the platform.
I have got very bad experience with this product. Because I have ordered Shirt and they send me different product of a girl item. I have received wrong product.which is totally different from the original one. I raised my complaints so many times. And every time they declined my query. I didn't received strong reply from Myntra. They didn't exchange my wrong product. In my opinion, don't buy this product, because it is useless when you don't receive what u want. Very very disappointed Horrible
The most annoying thing about this app is that, unlike other shopping apps, it only provides you with the delivery date and no further information. Instead of telling you where your order is or when it arrived, it simply says "order placed-placed-arrived." This really disappoints me.
Wrost app I have seen some we order something that cancel by app. sometime not every time it showing not delivering to the address
Never shop for myntra if you have a timeline, they don't deliver. Bought an article more than a week ago for which I alreadyade the payment. And it still hasn't been delivered. And on top of that I have no update about it all. Getting a lot of brand under your roof doesn't benefit any customer if you cannot deliver on time.
It was the best platform but now they just sell duplicate products that don't even match the images. Confirmed order for COD when online payment failed. No action against fake sellers. Scan for coupons, credits, supercoin etc. doesn't work & they still haven't removed these sections from app. They don't accept 1* review even with proof of duplicacy, even when you type it like they mention it. Costumer care is useless & powerless. Always record a video while unboxing 'coz it's just fraud now
I am regular customer of myntra from last 7-8 years but first time only I am facing issue. I have never raised a issue for any shopping app but this time I am in that situation where I need to contact the delivery logistics properly. Few days back I have ordered one product but till now I haven't received any kind of product. When I raised a complaint multiple times for this their executive said they can't help me. My concern is without OTP sharing how delivery person can deliver a product.
Worst app ever used. Worst exchange policy & process. If you received wrong product & then you return it or exchange it, when delivery person came to you for exchange, he will not accept the product because it is different than what you order. You need to call customer care and then they will raise ticket for wrong product delivered. Then they requires snap of product. Then they will decide to approve exchange or required more picture. It will take more than 15 days. No value for customer.
The product prices on this particular shopping app are higher compared to other platforms, and their delivery timeframe extends up to one week. Additionally, the imposition of platform fees on customers is a significant drawback. In comparison, platforms such as Amazon, Meesho, and Ajio offer more competitive pricing and faster delivery, making them preferable choices.
Why my previous orders are not showing in my account??? I have already mailed myntra but no response from them. Seems they aren't concerned about customer's issues... Pathetic service!!!!
Better than Best. Customer friendly. No questions asked refund policy. Lightening fast delivery. Robust logistics and system integration. Rest assured transparent transactions. I ordered a pair of shoes. Next day the product is halfway in transit. But as a customer i had a doubt over size. So i tried cancellation. And it was instant refund. I wonder how many kilometers the shoe box will travel?? Thanks for the thrill myntra. You are a second mom.
Myntra, kindly bring back the feature of loginn via Google or email. Multiple email ids can have one phone number connected to it.And technically your app should log me in to my old account and not create new account for me. This has become a deadlock scenario for me as my old account cannot be retrieved.
I have been shopping in this app for many years,basically a regular customer. but one thing that I noticed was HOW they suddenly charged platform fee of rupees ₹20 and they already have rupees ₹10 in cash on delivery. Honestly, this is TOO MUCH. They even started giving less coupons even though I'm an elite insider because honestly what is the point of even being an elite insider if we don't get the benefits that we need? The feedback page they give us the URL DOESN'T EVEN WORK!
Beinga valuable and a insider customer since longs time Payments methods and processes have improved,but the 20 rupees additional payment is troublesome and requires some revision. I think Myntra is looting the customer the way 20 additional charges are added on order price. It's not written in their policy though they are charging the extra money.
if I talk about the service this is actually worst cloths brands ofcourse are good but the Myntra application is disgusting the customer service is totally dissapointing It took 4 hours to connect but even then the query was not resolved and the order tracking could not be found. What is this rubbish? They really need to update their service.
Call assistance was not given even after trying multiple times. Chat also couldn't solve my problem. I was helpless. The only option left is to accept the order and then return! I wanted to cancel a product out of 2 purchases.
Although I have been shopping from this app from a very long time. Today something funny yet not acceptable thing happened. So, I typed floral shirt on the search tab and to my surprise Myntra showed me collection of BRAs and their combo packs. I wish I could upload the screenshot here as well. 😭😭
I have ordered 2 suits feom same brand and received only one product. When I raised the request/ concern to resolve the issue, the customer care replied after casual followup that they can't initiate refund as from their end the item is delivered. Highly disappointed from such instance. I noticed in reviews that many people faced the same issue. At this rate you are going to loose the trust of your loyal customers. Stop cheating people....
Had quite a weird experience with this e-commerce platform's customer service. I tried to communicate their customer service representative, but the answering machine kept repeating the same 4 options. Extremely unsatisfied!!
Myntra has now became worthless, no proper contact between the delivery partners. Where the delivery partner fakes the attempts of delivery and they cancel the order. I don't think so they are good anymore and if there was -1 star I would have given that
Iam hating the new update of myntra. The shopping and trend bar pop on every scroll , its so frustrating . Spoiling my whole search experience. Iam prefering not to use myntra app for the same reason . Myntra team should fix this for a better user experience.
Please re-consider if your are shopping with Myntra; 3 things you should keep in Mind: 1) site mis-Guides you with their catalogue Size, Fit and Pictures on website. 2) Size recommendation is Sham - my regular size 35 felt like it is size 38. 3) then when I create a return there isn't a support. I requested them to be picked them on weekend but all their customer support says sorry for inconvenience but this will not be possible. So please re-consider before you waste your money on this website.
Worst coupon process and I don't like web site , single word { waste of myntra app }. For download
The user experience is amazing. If you look at a dress, you can even be directed to the accessory carried by the model. Brains behind product development!!!
Myntra's mobile app offers a seamless shopping experience, making it my top choice for online fashion in India. The intuitive interface, vast selection, and convenient features make browsing and purchasing a breeze.
I trust Myntra completely for online shopping. Everytime had a great experience with this app.
"I ordered four products from Myntra, but I only received three. The packet was unsealed. When I complained about the missing product, they claimed that they had checked from their side and confirmed that it was delivered. It's not about the money, but it's frustrating that they're labeling me a liar. This experience with Myntra is very unfortunate."
Cloth very soft,good quality,i wear the dress very comfortable,same to the picture,,fast delivery ovaral execellent
I returned a dress which I had ordered from Simple Pay Later but after returning it they are charging me Rs 20. What a bad service this is....
Worst experience ever ! I  had ordered 2 items and was delivered just 1.i  thought second product will be delivered seperately.but when I checked in the app it was showing that both the items had been delivered.i contacted customer care assured me it will be resolved within 3 days after 3 days they declined my issue and said that the item was sealed and was not tampered in any way .but I didn't claim it was unsealed or tempered I said i just received 1 item instead of 2 items.they scammed me .
Worst experience. A package was never delivered to me but marked as delivered in the app. When raised complaint the answer I got is "as per Myntra all the quality checks were done before packing". Seems a magic happens that only they can see the package. Wah re wah kya seen hai... I will never order or recommend this app to anyone.
The app is very difficult to operate if you are facing any issue with the product delivered. No resolution is provided. There is no customer service. They will keep you running around in circles without helping you with anything.
Worst app ever, I won't ever suggest you guys to use this app, there service provided by Myntra is the worst , I had ordered some outfits, even toh I had received it it showed that the order is been lost in transit, due to this issue I couldn't exchange the outfit due to size issues, even raising complaint didn't work today more than 10 days passed I haven't received any update from the support team.
I am having a worst experience in Myntra. I never come across in any online shopping. I had been raising a complaint since last year i.e November regarding my refund, but still they didn't bother to solve my issue. Every time whenever I call or message regarding my refund, they say your refund will be done within 3 to 5 working days. But it never happen. I am thinking when they want to refund my money. It's been more than 3 month. Still no results
Had been shopping at myntra from so long but have to say that this time I had the worst experience, got wrong product delivered twice, tried reaching through customer care/email, recieved call from a lot of wait...and then there is nothing no response to my emails, still have the wrong product that costs half the amount I paid for the actual product and I am an "Elite" shopper with added benefits- WHAT A JOKE, MYNTRA??????
it's to much I ordered a jeans and this is the third time when my order is cancelled by Myntra side it really bad experience for me when I talk to customer care of Myntra and apologize nd i told him that it is the third time happening with me and he just says that it is the technical issue such a bad technology they have. first they show u less price article when you order it they cancelled it and after that when u want to purchase it u have to pay more money
Clothes are amazing on this app and it has a very nice app user interface. I have been using it from 4-5 years and i am satisfied by it.
App exp is good but their process are not elefficient.multiple times they have sent product w/o tag and at time of return they reject stating original tag missing. As a customer I have to go through hassle of calling their customer support and manually asking for return...this is pathetic experience. Now they have started doing this in almost every product ...sending it w/o tag Pls improve ur processes...check before delivery if it has tag..only then have that as a criteria to reject return
I have been using myntra for years now. But recently I got scammed, My order had not delivered but I got the mail to of item delivered. I had raised issue to help center but they gave excuses for one week straight and then closed the issue. I had paid the amount while placing the order thus my money has gone. Though I am using myntra for so long now, they even could not understand and didn't cooperate at all. Worse Customer service I must say
Myntra is good app collection is good and material also but they sometime charge so much for delivery,no good offers available compared to others app and also their price is high then others app
Absolutely THE WORST customer support!!! I have a cancellation request raised for an order which was supposed to be exchanged. It's been a month since I have raised the request but nothing have happened on the ticket. The return policy, the service, the support staff, everything about myntra is Absolutely THE WORST!!
I have ordered something but shipping got delayed. Now after getting delivered it is showing shipping delayed only. Delivery status not getting updated. I want to return the items but due to this issue I can't. Even customer care isn't supported.
Myntra is just fooling customers and nothing else. Recently I had shopped for more then 15k from Myntra. Carlton London Pen - It was supposed to get delivered but then the delivery got delayed, later to my suprise the order was cancelled without informing me and the reason for cancellation was due to huge demand in your city the order was cancelled. I had paid Rs 1167/- post my order got cancelled immediately the cost went to 1945/- and it shows delivery in 2 days... What a method of fooling.
Very rude customer care executive Very very bad app and service I order my product in may I placed a return request but my product not picking yet i pay bill to icic payletter but yet my product not picked up .I talk with senior but they also not giving solution they only said me to wait 48 hrs badest experience
Disappointed! Myntra use to be one of the trusted app for shopping but I think it has gone under some cheap person which provide very complex and complicated purchasing and exchanging condition. Buy at your own risk from this app. Highly frustrated and 😞 Disappointed.
Shopping on Myntra used to be a delight but the same cannot be said anymore. My supercoins are not credited and they have been stretching this for over a month now by giving some or the other excuse. Every two days they take the same update and now the issue is resolved automatically. The whole customer care team makes you feel so helpless by asking the same questions again and again. I have reached out through the app, social media and even mail and no one cares.
Worst first time experience I am just so disappointed with Myntra they consistently fail to deliver product on time as promise my order has been delayed without any notification and classification about the reason of delay the interface of the app is annoying the status of my order is that and just does not move I hate from place no update nothing
Sending all three pieces of same product in different sizes and colours. Is it a joke. And upon asking for resolution.. blaming for delay.
Worst Experience. I ordered 5 products a week back which was delayed, & eventually cancelled on last expected date by Myntra, the app shows that it was cancelled "on my request", ironically I never made that request. Then I had a talk with 5 different consumer executive & the last one told me that it got cancelled due to the wrong pincode which can't be true as I am getting all the products delivered on that pincode always. I have to leave for a vacation tomorrow & I have nothing. TY to Myntra.
They are Scammers. They send anything to you irrespective of what you order. then when you want to return they give many excuses and do not return. then you waste your time with their customer support. delivery/pickup people are not trained how to treat customers. And call support is not available,you end up with IVR. Only chat option,where agents do not understand what you're staying.
It is the worst platform. I have been delivered a wrong product. I ordered a Louis Philippe shirt but I have been delivered a medical nursing coat. When I raised a complaint, the customer care is pathetic. The return is not being picked up. Even the options on the apo is very confusing and the help chat is also very robotic. It takes hours to reach the right person. On top of that its unbelievable that they did not allow to put my review on the app. This means all their reviews are rigged !!!
One worst workaround, they have, I have initiated exchange for shoe and received wrong size shoe everytime, they dontel even approv our feedback and they have the dumbest process in customer care. Be aware of the scam (they send the wrong size productand they say no refund or return. It is so pathetic
The Worst Experience..on any Shopping app I have ever used! I ordered a CMF BUDS on 9th! They Delayed the order till 13th and The Cancelled it .and it's now showing in the application that I have cancelled it! The main thing is I can't get the Headphones in the previous price now... Because it was the launch offer on the Day I ordered it!
Worst app I ever seen they take more than 10 dya to delivery and can also show delivery failed after 10 days of delivery and behave of delivery man are not good
Very bad customer service I made purchase for this app where there was issue with product quality I raised request to return and it's been 1 month no one came to receive return product... When u call Customer service they say we have raised Request we have raised ticket all that.. and again still no one came to receive return item to be continued... After 1 month 12 days I am writing this review... Better to shop from different platforms Amazon, mesho, are doing great than Myntra.
I ordered 6 products. Out of that, 4 products are of quality issues(got faded and stained products) and faced issues while returning the product. The products didn't match the images shown in the App. Worst shopping App ever used and worst delivery service. Not gonna use it further
I used to love Myntra!!. My some item were returned and I haven't got the refund back . And in one of my order the status update showed cancelled but it was delivered to me,and I did not like the fit so I wanted to return it. For returning they asked me to provide the images of the product,invoice, etc.so I mailed them but I still haven't received any reply.I'm really sad because the pant is but costly n if it doesn't fits me well WHT I'm gonna do with it!???.
Worst experience! Wrong size of crocs delivered hence placed size exchange. After few days the crocs were collected and same size were delivered again. Placed for return of the crocs this time. When the delivery fellow scanned the code, he didn't accept the sandals saying codes didn't match. Don't know what to do. We didn't wear it. Its just lying in the house now. Didn't get any refund also.
There are too many glitches now with the size exchange or style exchange not being available at the most used address and it's quite annoying. Only returns for products being available seems to be a waste of time and money as we have to pay the "platform fee" of ₹20 everytime we order something.
This app is really bluffing customers on sale times, i am seeing one price from our side once i open it the price showing is higher and the worst part is the high discounted products showing not deliverable to my address and the high price products from same seller are deliverable, knowingly doing this cheating with customers with their artificial intelligence. This is highly objectionable and not a good practice for the app credibility, please be careful and check twice before payment.
Pathetic application and the representative I have been chasing to return a wrong product delivered to me since a week Almost 20 complaints have been raised and it's still not being returned and no refund is initiated. 1st they deliver wrong product, 2nd no option appears on the app to mention reason "wrong product" 3rd some how you raise a return request with reason as wrong product delivered and attaching all the proofs of the wrong product with bar code attached it still fails.
It's run by scammers now. They will deliver completely different substandard product and will not let you return the item as well. It's been a year since I stopped purchasing from Myntra.
Dear Myntra, I'm writing to address an issue with my recent order cancellation notification. I cancelled an order a few days ago, but I'm still receiving emails today confirming the cancellation. This delay in notification is concerning, as it raises questions about the overall efficiency of your order management system. In the event of a future issue with an order, I would like to be confident that Mynthra's support team will be able to address it promptly.
l am a regular customer for 4 years. But Myntra never offer me any kind of coupon whereas other apps offer several times. But it is true that myntra is an user friendly app and the payment method is perfect.
I did not receive my order but it showing delivered. They have confirmation mechanism like OTP for order delivery. Customer care service is very poor with no use from chat to call is not being connected. Better put cash on delivery option guys. There are also seller who gave products without tags to make return impossible. Be aware of those products. If you are ordering from Myntra opt for cash on delivery .
I have been a customer of myntra for hopefully 9+ years and trust me not even once have i been disappointed with the quality of the items. The collection of all the stores are always top-notch, providing a variety for shoppers of various age group and different tastes. A big thanks for satisfying us with the beautiful items.. looking forward to continue shopping in coming days and years 😃
It was working well for me but the order I placed on 1/6/24 hasn't delivered yet. They are showing out for delivery for the past 4 days and I've not received it yet. The support system is not picking my call and even E-kart is not accepting my call. I've already payed for it. If the support system of Myntra can't spare time for their customers what are Myntra even providing??????
Exchange is not done correctly and I waited for 20long days but you cancelled my exchange with no reason and not given any reason,after 21days with out any mistake of customer simply cancelled my order,what kind of work is this, must be very shamefull really. I observed that you are toying with customer's some times,you are the one/seller who sents the product why don't you maintain a body camera to make sure that the right order/product is delivered to the customer.ORDER TWO ITEMS RECEIVED ONE.
I was a Myntra Insider member from past 2 years and had given 5 star rating. But from past month they changed their delivery partner to Ekart Logistics and all my orders are getting cancelled without my consent or contacting me. Myntra will soon perish just like Snapdeal. 0 stars from me. Do not make prepaid orders now because they won't give you refund either. Edit: Its June 2024 and they still use the same service Ekart and again my 3 orders got cancelled. This time uninstalling the app.
Myntra doesn't keep the word on delivery of the product ordered. I requestedfor a gift wrap and message card. Made the payment for the same also. But it was not delivered with the product. Also the delivery was so complicated. I tried to connect with the delivery agent half the day to inform delivery instructions. But the verification pin given by myntra was incorrect. Very poor service from myntra. I won't be using myntra again. Totally disappointed.
I have been using the app from very long time but after this update I am not able to share the products link via WhatsApp or any other social media. This feature is not really good. Whenever we want to share something between our friends or family..this was the best option but I am not able to share the products link to them. Get it back. And ofcourse I love Myntra. Best for Fashion anytime. Its always my go to app for anything related to fashion
Product is nice. As comparing of product and price is good but your extra charges are very High. For example if I want to buy a t-shirt which is worth of 500 but in mean time when I'm checking that bill amount suddenly your extra charges pops up with extra 99 - 160 rs . Please look into this mess.
it's a third time I ordered this and I don't want to cancel it literally if I don't want that product why should I ordered it many times it always get cancelled very disappointed
I had a wonderful shopping experience at Myntra! This website is user-friendly, making it easy to browse through a wide variety of products. I was particularly impressed with the return and exchange process, which was incredibly smooth and hassle-free. The ease of returning or exchanging items is what keeps me coming back to shop at Myntra. Highly recommended for anyone looking for a convenient and enjoyable shopping experience! ---
It's one of my favourite platform, but the delivery agents are not good at my area. They cancelled the items with any information and one time for prepaid order the delivery agent marked it deliver without making the delivery.
Don't go for this as they don't deliver your order on time and further the delivery agent put status delivery attempted but failed without even attempting it. Even customer care don't provide good solution for this issue and only say they will raise issue... Where they raise only god knows...
Seems to be that the current sale is for all old and soiled products by leading brands. Quite disappointed with the app and lack of quality control over the products. Should not become a way for textile companies to dispose off old clothes under the guise of a "Sale"
NOT ALLOWING TO CANCEL ANY PREPAID UNSHIPPED ITEM, ALWAYS SHOWING ERROR "Invalid Login while cancelling Packet". Their ere customer care is doing all tricks (like closing the chat after asking you to wait, another in call saying we are having a system issue - to get rid of from his "queue"). OVERALL, IF ANYTHING EVER YOU WANT TO BUY FROM THESE LOT, ONLY BUY IN CASH ON DELIVERY MODE, THEY WILL CHARGE YOU (20+10) = ₹30 EXTRA 😡😡😡 AND NO GURANTEE YOU WILL ACTUALLY GET IT EVER.
The only online shopping app I use is Myntra. Yet they are very ungrateful. The last time I ordered some products from H&M , they sent a damaged product. The products should be checked thoroughly before packing. Don't take your customers for granted. All they want is money they just don't care about their customers.
Not able to login to app since last one month but no support received. IT says too many login attempts.
I am very disappointed with the quality of the product I received from Myntra. When I contacted the help center for assistance, they informed me that they couldn't do anything about it and offered no help. This experience has been frustrating and unsatisfactory. I hope Myntra improves its product quality and customer service.
Cheap quality and used products and then it's a big headache to go through return process. First search a product then wait for that product and return that product sad then again wait for the refund after continuously following up day and night.. It's truly a headache
Myntra has started a new way to make money by charging platform fee and charging extra in case of COD. If there is a return due to some issue you should return the full amount. Otherwise, it doesn't create a good impression.
25days + still no one is able to help me to login to my account that I have been using since 2011. Customer support is joke they don't know anything. I know the problem but they can't do anything to resolve it as they don't how to neither theu know who can. -5 for customer support please give them proper training they know just how to disconnect and get rid of you. Please check call recordings 😂🤬
Worst customer service ever! Their seal tag thingi is a big scam! I have receive the Product without a seal tag and now they are not accepting the product for exchange or return! This is really the worst customer experience ever by myntra! Not going to shop again! Even though being an icon member I am writing this review!
Literally frustrated bcz This app from 2 days not opening to go-to bag option to book dress. Since I tried updated that and again uninstalled and reinstalled that app but still it is not opening. What to do about this issue. I m giving 2 ⭐ bcz in this app wide varieties of dress they have
Myntra app is very bad app and too wasting of money. I ordered boat airdopes 163 and they are not working so I want to replace these but myntra doesn't show any replacement but when I ordered these airdopes they show 7 day replacement policy. I call myntra help office but they said to claim warranty from boat while only 1-2 hrs occur . Today is 2nd day of my delivery. Myntra app is too bad for innocent customers. I am very disappointed from this app.
the only issue I face with myntra is the otp it asks for during delivery. most of the times I'm at office and the delivery person keeps calling while I'm in an important meeting or session.
I bought a Safari trolley bag from Myntra, which was advertised to have 4 proper double wheels. However, the 4th wheel is different from the other 3. I requested a return because of this defect, and Myntra denied my request without even contacting me. This is completely unacceptable and unprofessional. I've tried contacting Myntra's customer service number, but they are not responding. I'm extremely disappointed with their service and lack of customer support. I demand a resolution for this prod
Hello Myntra Team,For the past month, the app has been very slow to open, despite being up to date. I've tried restarting my device and clearing the cache, but it hasn't helped. Please look into this issue.
The items shown are good and admirable. Easy transaction and also safe dealing.The items purchased earlier are attractive as it receives public attentiontowards me when I wear it.Yes it's true. As designs sre so fashionable and trendy every one in home ,neighbours like them and also unknown persons look at me .Am very proud to wear them. It gives rich look and gentle appearance. For people especially middle class we can't buy all designs that we like in gold. So it's better to continue shopping
Everything is fine but now they are charging money for everything like if we select cod they charge 10rs, shipping charge, and even platform fee who will charge platform fee 20rs app not working fast so giving 2 star app is working slow when I need to place order the app will stuck in address page and show there is nothing to view in cart something
This app is working slow and it shows me too much costly prices the products I add to bag they charged some other fees also and the size I select to order it shows me more expensive, it showes me different sizes with different prices and the quality of the product is also not good. that is why I am not liking this app please fix my issue
My order is picked up today but still didn't get the pay out....in terms of Myntra credit 😖 Delivery boy checked the products and took them away.But what about my refund?kindly look on this matter and solve my problem quickly guys...you are getting your salary for a job...do that properly.
Straight up harassing customers!! Your customer service agent was rude AF! And did not resolve my concern!! I compared the product you sent me with an instore Nike product! They don't look the same!And you don't even give me a bloody exchange! And they aren't even posting the review I left on the product in app!! Such manipulators!!! FYI you probably won't lose much in helping me with this, but you definitely will lose a customer who has placed many orders with you over this horrible treatment!
The app is so bad and the help centre is not helpful at all.I ordered a product ,received it wrong size and I returned and got credit points for it ,then again I ordered the same product but then again I received the wrong size . so I go to help center and asked why it happened again and again , but he didnt answer that question. all he did is schedule a return for me , I told him I need my money back and he said not possible only myntra credit, took him an hour to say this. very bad experience
Myntra is getting worst now. No pont in been elite member and spending on your website now. Being charged platform fees for item received wrong. There are no update on how we need to deal with return when it is your fault and return reason states the same why the system is not automated to refund full amount to the customer. Ridiculous I will stop suggesting Myntra to anyone. It is really disappointing to a member who has spend this much on your wbstie and earn to be your elite member.
Initially Myntra used to be the reliable. My recent experience with Myntra was a disaster.They don't have any delivery policies we'll return. They don't keep the proof of delivery. When you ask for it they just say that we can't do anything. I have done transaction for around 6000 rupees, I haven't received one of the item and it says it has been delivered. And when I complained it wasn't delivered after 5days. They say we can't do anything.
Myntra is such a stupid app where I haven't received the product and marked as delivered and till now I issue was not resolved. And I have ordered some tshirts on 9th may 2024 and to be delivered on 10th may but till now I haven't received the order & their is no update through the tracking I'd. Always the Myntra executive member is saying me to wait for 24-48hrs for solving the issue. Worst app . Don't shop on Myntra. Go with Amazon or better Offline. Never ever purchase anything on Myntra.
Just wow all products is original and genuine. Very high quality and best brand products available Myntra. Awesome.
Worst application..I have been calling customer care services since morning and have tried around 10 times..this is the 5th or 6th time they are taking too much time to deliver the product and they don't even update the status where the product is ..once the product is received after years, the quality is zero..A big No to Myntra moving forward..I would rather prefer to shop from Meesho app rather than Myntra.. Uninstalling the app ..They have wasted a lot of my time.. Worst service
I placed an order, money was debited from my account. But my order is not there in the Myntra app! I have been following up with their support team for many days now for the refund. The app has turned quite buggy!
Worst service given by Myntra. Being such a big product company, don't even have a proper tracking system of the agents who is going to come and pick the products. They give all our personal details including phone number and address to the unknown execute whose is not even capable of updating the status of the products. They are simply answering saying that they don't have any track of the agents and they also say they didn't receive the product. If the product is not up to the mark then loss
Had a very bad experience as they have delivered wrong product without tags and after complaining and lot of follow ups they rejected the pickup saying that product is different . I have faced this twice and have stopped shopping from mytra since then. Amazon, ajio and meesho are far better in terms of service but myntra is very pathetic for customers.
I was a loyal myntra customer for the past couple of years. But my recent experience broke my trust on this brand. They cancelled my order without my consent and stopped shipping to my pincode right in between my order was processing. They could have told me that it was impossible to deliver to me when I placed the order. They made me pay and after a few days cancelled my order because they can't deliver here. The customer service team said there's nothing they can do about it.
Absolutely horrible with no proper customer support. Product was in stock but still my order kept getting cancelled for 6 times. Apparently they have technical issues (that's all they will say, no explanation nothing). My mails got ignored and messages on x and insta too. Myntra's customer care quality has come to a sad death and save your money and shift to better apps like shoppers stop and lifestyle and ajio and tira
Worst shopping app: they deliver the wrong product, and then they will say that in their investigation they have developed the right product. There is no refund or exchange. Pathetic service and fraud with customers.
The Myntra e-commerce platform's customer support is the worst, and their practices appear to violate consumer protection laws.** When I attempted to return a product, they deducted additional amounts, seemingly discouraging returns. Despite my attempts to contact them, they have not responded.
Not committed towards effective delivery dates. If the delivery date is exceeded, it shows no order placed hence we customers cannot raise query regarding orders.
Actually Myntra is very good online purchase app in before but today it is irritating us because Now, if you take a screen shot of the dress in Myntra app and search the image same in that app only we will not seen that dress but before it shown any dress by searching a dress in search bar But if the dress is present it doesn't shown the current one
Myntra Team, I had cancelled an order before delivery for which I made a payment through UPI. The status shows refund initiated on 4th March to my UPI. It's been 8 days and I am yet to get the amount credited in my account. I reached out to your customer service but I keep getting standard answer that the refund has been initiated. UPI refunds do not take so much time. I am agitated now and need someone to seriously look at what's wrong with my refund amount. Very poor from Myntra!!!
I ordered a jeans on the app for a discounted price and after some days my order got canceled by showing that I was not available and even after chatting with customer care they raised a ticket in evening of my complain and the other morning my order got canceled such a worst expirence Please don't order on huge discount it never get delivered as it's only marketing gimic
Very poor delivery. And Also the search is not upto the mark. Don't buy anything from Myntra.... Products are not as shown and when price at return is lesser than what I paid! I paid 1084 for the product and now showing a refund of rs 992.7. Apart from this I ordered a dress for my baby boy on 4th june and till date(18 June) my order is not delivered. Delivery date was given 16th June max. Buying products from Amazon and Flipkart is way better than Myntra.. Even meesho is better than Myntra
I complained about this issue last year but still not fixed. I am not sure what the app dev team has been doing! App performance has detoriated. Stops working every now and then with error message "Something went wrong. Please try again later".
Great app for all your fashion needs and on time delivery of product, great support service for coustomer queries timely response and resolution, best application for genuine products
I used to like Myntra a lot bt nowadays its becoming worst, the cs is too bad just suggests wait for 24 hrs..even after waiting for weeks still they say wait 24 hrs more The products come without tags and diff frm wat is ordered and then it gets difficult to return. Totally wasted my money, the customer care is soo bad here they know how to lie and just keep on apologising, I can't do anything. No refund, no return, waste of money. Just work on your quality & checks team and the customer sup too
I'm a very regular customer of Myntra and never faced this issue ever this is happening for the first time and it's a very worst condition i mean i placed a order and want to exchange the size of the product but after registration of 4 time complaint in customer care support still i'm not getting any exchange or return because of their worst Quality service. I'm not getting any call or update message from any delivery partner of Myntra and here in app I'm getting update for return failed.
Worst app ever. Customer service is not good. Cost is too high and they provide cheap quality product. Shipping cost is also too high. Mera package 5th may ko aanewala tha abhi tak deliver nahin hua. I tried to connect Customer support but no one is connected. I uninstall this app after using one time. Better u guys use meesho,flipkart,Amazon. They are soo good
*Worst Service* 1. I ordered a product on Myntra . It was supposed to be delivered in 2 days. 2. The order was not delivered in even one week. 3. I tried to cancel the order from the App but couldn't do so due to various technical glitches on their App. Worst App. 4. I spoke to their Consumer Support Team also but they were also of no use . Daily, they aske wait for 2 more days and do nothing. 5. One more week has passed and I have still not got my refund. Worst App and worst service, don't use
When you give a product full stars and write good things myntra takes it... But give a product low stars and write how bad the quality was or a different product got delivered or the color was different with image or video proof... Myntra blocks the review stating it's not product related... So honest myntra, so writing about bad experiences concerning a product is not product related? Definitely, it's about how expectations were marred with bad quality goods delivered... Disappointing myntra
Pathetic and worst experience at the first order. 14 days I have waited for my order. They told lie that tried to deliver but never reached, extended the date of delivery nd finally they cancelled today. Such a ugly experience. Updating by edit: I have mailed with the same as you mentioned below, give me voucher same as fist applied.
I have ordered 4 product (3 tops and a pair of khadim shoes) unfortunately without any favourable reason they showed that your PAIR OF SHOES delivery will be delayed and then they have cancelled it from their side. Extremely disappointed. Resolve this otherwise I have to think in future for preferring shopping over myntra.
Sent me the wrong shoe size. Then when I asked for a pickup they said price tag is missing. They sent me a product without price tag now I have to make multiple calls and wait for refund for days. Never byt from myntra their refund policies are so bad. Provide people with incorrect product. So I am adding to this review. I ordered again. In between it was fine. Now again they are delivery wrong product. Wrong pickup is done and no resolution is provided. Instead of pants shirts are delivered.
The most worst thing in the app is the product you ordered it will not delivered and it will be cancelled automatically without any calls or messages.. What the fraud app is this showing offers nd not delivering the products what we want and no call support from customer care. my 4orders were cancelled without any information i didn't even get any call or msg..thats how fake delivery attempts were gng on myntra. don't order on myntra its a fraud , they can't deliver your orders..
My money was deducted and your customer care is saying to talk to the bank. When you talk to the bank, they say that your money has been deducted from your account and has gone to your linked account. You people do not understand the customer, I should not complete it again. You have closed the option of completing it.My money has not arrived till date. It's been 11 days. The bank has clearly stated that payment has been made. Has gone to you. I will remove myntra app. My money not refund.
This used be an app liked for many years but not any more. Turning absolutely inefficient and unprofessional in its approach. Orders don't match delivery, products don't match description. Useless excuses and apologies of customer care..
Worst app I have ever know in my lifetime! You guys show some other timeline while placing the order & then change it as per ur feasibility. This is ridiculous service. It's becoming horrible day by day! Moreover the delivery partners update fake delivery attempt messages to the app... The customer support says to wait for 3 working days for a resolution to the issues faced. Nowadays Myntra is providing horrible services. I got this feedback from few of my colleagues as well...
Useless app.. a new concept of loop tag is introduced for no reason. They don't deliver product with loop tag but if you return a product, they decline for the want of loop tag which is undelivered with item. No matter the price tag or brand tag are intact, they won't accept your return request. Staff is simply meant for saying sorry. That's it.. but a big no to help a customer. left this app after 12 years.. total waste if talk about customer service.. everything they say rehearsed
VERY DISAPPOINTING EXPERIENCE: It's been over a month now that product was undelivered and now I am unable to cancel the order from app. Chat support said product already shipped but on app it's mentioned that shipping delayed. Unsure why they are not cancelling the order when it's undelivered for more than a month.
The most pathetic shopping experience you can get. The customer service folks don't understand the issue let alone solving it. It's been 10 days multiple exchange and multiple call but still the issue can't be resolved. The waiting hours are long as a week, they close the complaints without resolution and then you have to call again to get resolution. Really disappointed with the whole experience.
Myntra is misleading and fake promises through insider programme. I successfully reached elite membership in one and half month, and was expecting rewards now, however after a couple of days, I found all my super coins disappeared and the elite membership too was gone. When contacted CCE, No response. It's like after winning final match, they ask you to restart with semifinals to reach finals again. This is cheating in a broad day light. From fan to critique of myntra. Really disappointed.
I order a watch of dressberry company But its have some technical fault. So I returned this product to myntra. And they give refund through myntra credit. But when i order some item in myntra again via myntra credit .it shows that not a exact amount which atfirst showed. It show less the 300 rupees from exact amount.But Myntra always try to maintain a high quality of products . But I must say that Myntra is not a proper platform for electronics item as well as ornaments.
I recently purchased Sketchers shoes which arrived without a price tag, complicating my attempt to return them due to sizing issues. Despite providing clear evidence through an unboxing video, my return request was consistently denied, showcasing a lack of accountability and customer-centric approach. Moreover, dealing with their customer service was frustrating; calls were disconnected when I raised valid concerns, reflecting poor professionalism.
Please don't buy anything from this app . Their costomer service is very poor. I have ordered something on 3rd may 2024 and this was to be delivered within 3 days through express delivery. But today is 29 may 2024 and the order is not even shipped yet. Every time I called their costomer support they have only single line for the solution that is " please wait for 24 hour your problem will be resolved our team is working on it." It is really very disappointing. They have no any clue for my refund
Most derogated app. I ordered 5 jeans out there. They gave me some different 3rd quality jeans and these weren't original too. And after that they cancelled my order on their own without asked me once. Trust me, if you order once from this app you will face baddest experience ever.
I have ordered from Myntra several times, but this time i placed an order, due some reasons I had to cancel my order on the same date and i payed by UPI on 26 and cancelled on 27 but till this date I haven't get my refund back and the customer is not addressing my issue properly, I am very disappointed.
It is my favorite app to order clothing items but recently it is showing "we don't ship to this pincode " for everything even though my previous orders were delivered to the same pin code . Now I am unable to shop anything from the app because of this problem.
Wrost app ever seen. Coupon provide by them is useless and never working. First order coupon is only for show. Its never applicable on any product 😡😡😡😡. Uninstalling this fake and useless app. 😡 wrost experience.
One of my worst experience with this app I have order skin perfume from this app and after I have received the parcel for delivery person. The product which was broken already& on top of that the delivery person blame me that I have used the product. SO PLEASE BE CAREFUL GUYS. THIS PEOPLE ARE KEEP BLUFFING US. I HAVE NOT RECEIVED RESPONSE FROM COMPANIE ALSO. WORST EXPERIENCE CHOOSING THIS APP. 😔😔
The most pathetic shoping app The delivery Guys keep calling again and again and if u dnt pick up their phone they do a failed delivery But ideally why are they supposed to call ??? Why can't they just deliver the product by ringing the doorbell of the house ?? What is the need to call the customer at odd hours and harass for no reason ???
Myntra is one of the worst app, they literally stealing amount as delivery charges. I purchased a product, which is cost of 902 including delivery charges and product cost. Product is having fit issues due to that product given return, as a return I am going to get 792. Where the remaining amount went , as deliver charges where it can't be returned to customer. Small size mini mafia begging it is.
Worst shopping app I have ordered a trolley which came defective I am trying to get it returned but they just put it on our for pickup and nobody came to pickup it up just fed up of this trying to get this done from last one month every time they ask for more 48 hours and now it's so tough to reach them on call there ivr is not working properly by luck u get connected to the executive
Most slow app ever. Page doesn't open says Something went wrong. I m trying from last 2 days finally Uninstaller it. I will try to reinstall and if doesn't works I vvl switch to another platform. ........................
Worst app , No customer service Orders cancelled automatically....do not buy any thing whenever it's a sale time here, they cancel our orders after sale and says it's a technical foult ,afterall if we wants to purchase that product we have to pay off season price, no support from customer care they only just puppet, they can't even give a solution.
First time I ordered n my money got trapped in their app , I choosed return of money in my bank account among the options given there add it on myntara wallet ...but still they didn't give my money back n using that to buy a subscription for me ...which includes free delivery n all What I will with that limited offer when I don't want to use Myntra only ....meeshu is far better than this app Such a worst experience I want my money back in my sbi account
How can the service be so bad. I ordered a pair of shoes and it was showing "return might be available" and when I tried to contact the team all happened was that in the chat bot there where no satisfactory answers and options and same with the calling shity boy. The service is so bad you cannot get at the thing you want you're just a doll in their app
Hello, I am struggling with one of the product deliver issue, Product is showing delivered but I have not recieved the product. I had opened case using mobile aap, they closed with note "product has delivered". Please some can help on this. First time I facing this type of issue with myntra. Please investigate this issue and solve my proble ASAP.
i was big fan of Myntra. but in App, i have very bad experience which i am still facing with extended timeline each time, you dont allow to give real feedback coz they not post it. Myntra not allow to post fair feedback. Open packet delievered with wrong product and not return and refund.
They deliver different/ damaged product in a well packed box and when you request for change they will waste your time by showing delayed delivery initially and later on cancel it on grounds of quality checks. Dnt know what kind of quality checks they say about, when they themselves deliver different product apart from what they display in app . Pls stop fooling people this way by giving different product but taking full money of the product.😡😡
I have ordered earphone and shoes from Myntra n I got defective and bad condition product n placed for exchange no response and no updates from customer service,very worst experience from Myntra. For beginners please check twice ordering from this platform you won't get proper response I have been calling the customer support almost 10 times from the day I placed exchange n also sent email to the team no response at all Thankyou for bad experience. it's betterto use other platform then Myntra.
It is worst app ever. The most pathetic about Myntra is their customer service if you want to call them or want to chat with them their bot won't allow you to call with the customer. I ordered one product from Myntra on 6 May. The delivery agent called me on 7th may at that time I was out of station so I requested to delivery agent to come on next day(8th May). From 8th May to till today it is showing out for delivery and i am not getting any call from the customer. I want to cancel the order.
I purchased a t-shirt from Myntra recently, but it turned out to be counterfeit. The only authentic parts were the tag, which belonged to a different brand, and the t-shirt itself was from a local brand. The surprising part is that the delivery person who collected the return didn't submit it to the Myntra warehouse. Now, the company is requesting me to return the product.
Fake products or same defective products received which were returned by previous customer. Its been a month and they haven't picked up my return nor the customer care help woth anything all they say is cancel the return and do it again so they can blame it on me 😔. Smart people myntra con artist.
at first this was a good app but now when i have to cancel my order..they r not able to cancel my order..nobody is there to attend me and it is showing will be done in 20 mins everytime and the contact number is also invalid but a good app for clothes nd all
Damn the delivery dates aren't stable!!!! They keep delaying, just for marketing sake they show the dates of delivery within a couple of days from the order then after placing the order they change it........ You guys gotta work on this part !!!!!!!
Fraud company fraud customer support. Cancelled 2 item from my order after waiting for 15 days 1 is still in packed state and Didn't delivered 1 item but still marked as delivered . These guys don't have any OTP based delivery and the delivery person can easily manipulate or fraud your item and can also marked it delivered without delivering it like it happed with me. The customer support is the worst always close my escalation next day and they have no answer for delivery verification. Frauds.
Myntra has become a PAID APPLICATION. THEY ARE CHARGING "PLATFORM FEE" FOR EVERY ORDER, AND THE AMOUNT OF THE ORDER DOES NOT MATTER. I JUST LOST ₹50/- ON 2 ORDERS, ALTHOUGH I HAVE RETURNED BOTH ITEMS OF CLOTHING. Considering that I can get everything on other FREE Apps, this is does not seem like a good move.
Worst app to shopping. I ordered but I did not receive product even at night 8 pm they are saying to wait nd have patience they will deliver till 12 pm but actually they are saying nothing than app can show. They say they don't know where is my product in the city . But telling nothing. Amazon is better
Poor service.. deceiving customers and sending wrong products again and again. Pathetic customer service also and selling fake products. Zero Star. Will not recommend anyone to shop from here.
I have ordered size 39 and you have delivered size 41. Now you are telling that there will be no exchane as I have selected NORETURNS5 coupon. My question is I have ordered the right size and you have delivered the wrong size. Fault is yours. Moreover while selecting the coupon it showed clearly that return will not be applicable but if there is any size issues then it will be replaced. It is also showing as i have collected super coins it will not be exchanged. Did I told you to provide coins?
The worst and fraud app I have ever experienced after facing customer issues regd the refund and return procedures. It is seen that myntra has been working unprofessionally since several years and have been cheating customers carrying out return process haphazardly without cross verifications. Even myntra support team not at all working on complaints. Myntra is totally into making money by cheating people. Lost enough funds due to such irresponsible and fraud company. Not recommending to anyone.
Worst app and worst service to the customer. 1.show will receive product by tomorrow and post order it will show that will get it by 3-4 days. 2.once received the order then the call will not answer by the team. 3. If the product is not good then you will kot return or exchange as it is third party they will not do anything as it is not there business they will just take money in the name of platform charges. 4. never gives proper solution. Not even eligible to give start in minus.
Had the worst possible experience. My first order was a US Polo Shoes. The shoes had a pair of stains & were used. After raising a return request, the return was out on hold. After 3 complaints & 2 phone calls Myntra team has stated that the product didn't met the required quality check and hence will not be returned. The disappointed and unbelievably harsement is how Myntra operates. Absolutely ridiculous! "Hassle free returns" - A fantastic lie, I must say.
My order got canceled initially, and upon delivery, it turned out to be a completely different design. I opted for an exchange, but the pickup for the wrong product was canceled twice. Despite contacting customer service, the pickup was canceled again. Now, the exchange/return window has closed, leaving me stuck with an 8k product. It's been a really frustrating experience, and I'm thoroughly disappointed.
Scam alert Myntra: Poor Quality Products without tags My recent experiences have left me utterly disappointed. The quality of products I've received has consistently fallen short of expectations, with many items arriving without PRICE TAGS, the nightmare doesn't end there. When attempting to return these subpar products, Myntra's return process has been nothing short of Hassel the company has refused to pick up returns, stuck with unwanted items and wasted money.
Worst experience shopping with Myntra. I am struggling to return one product for almost 15 days now. They will give reasons if they don't want to take the product back. Myntra's customer service is the worst. They will just waste your time. They will raise a complaint and close it themselves without any comments or resolution. Don't buy anything from Myntra.
It has become a complete no-go zone for me. 99% of the products have become a no exchange product..ordered many items with the confidence that will get it exchanged if it does not fit me..but now I'm stuck with oversized or undersized products.. some of them also have no return clause. Always check the return and exchange clause before ordering as every product has different return/exchange policies.
Worst app ever !😞Never expected from u I always liked to shop through Myntra and they scammed us We wanted to return our order a month ago and they cancelled it thrice we contacted Myntra twice and still the problem is unsolved. Myntra please contact me
Very very worst experience. Each and every action we must pay to Myntra. Platform fee ( which is not refundable ), Return fee ( unfit cloths if we returned. Myntra charges 300rs something as a Convenient fee on next purchase. ), Properly mentioned my Address in detail then also the delivery person not delivering my products on most of products ( Amazon, Flipkart or other site are delivering on time + they don't charge like Myntra does ). Very Very Worst.
Myntra has lowered their standards no doubt ! They are selling all used products. I received a shirt which was used and had white stains all over. Upon raising a return request (4-6 hours post delivery- post my office hours) it was rejected saying the product was in a good condition. Also as per the description the shirt should be cotton but it's just 20% cotton and 80% polyester. This is completely misleading!
Myntra grabs extra money by having the gift wrap option but never actually gift wrap the item. I ordered 2 items and paid for their gift wrap, however not a single one was wrapped. And when i try contacting customer service, they are always busy.
I always preferred Myntra over any other shopping app but now snice they changed their policy for returns I am never ever gonna use it again. I ordered a bag and got torned bag so when I tried to return Myntra refused to give me refund. When I called customer care he told that they will refund the amount within 7 days but still I haven't received any amount it's been more than 10 days.. Fraud app.
I ordered a roadstar pack of two tshirts, but received only one , one tshirt is missing. And the received tshirt looks like an old , colour is faded. The t-shirt and colour are totally different from the one they are showing in the picture. Coustomer support is too bad. it is like I am been cheated. 0 Star out of 5.
The app has been my best choice of all the time.. It's been 6 yrs since I'm using this app whenever I want to purchase or order for my needs occasionally.. Myntra has a best collection of all the brands with luxe items and if I find some quality issue of the product I can return it easily and get refunded.. Myntra also comes up with an offers of the various brands and updates each and every notifications of those items.. I must say Thank you Myntra ! To be there..
Excellent , good material, and varieties of products available in this app , reasonable price, everyone easy to use in this app, and fast delivery, and easy payment options Tq. .
Recently I bought 2 product and I received only one product even though I ordered two. I asked the delivery guy if there was another order, and he replied that I have only one order I thought that my 2 second order come by 9 pm but when check order then status show as delivered so I raised querie and they replied that we are not give you any refund and or any return. So still i have not received product or refund, so This worst experience I have faced.
This kind of third class fraud app I never experienced where I got a bad product delivered when i went for return it accepted but they did not pick up the bad product in the pick up time.. presently it is more than 1weekpast the pickup date
The quality of tops are bad.. Sizing wrong. Only thing i got good is a stole i got for first time purchase. Then i ordered 1 black puff sleeved top, it had elastic for offshoulder style too.. It looked worn out, the elastic was used up.. N lining was pathetic... I dunno i couldnt even raise return cus some prob with app, now wearing it at home.. N successfully uninstalled it.. The sales are nt true too, u get same dress on amazon/flipkart for lower prices and will be assured product unlike here.
When you order from Myntra they accept the order and after 8 days they cancelled order and said to customer will not deliver order and say like it's technical issues but every 15 they have technical issues in their app I Shop 3 times and they cancelled 2 order and also when call to customer care they will give you only one reason technical issues what ever you ask questions they will say technical issues don't buy anything from myntra
Useless and gimmicky app,they show offers on products in very cheap prices and they keep your money for 10 days or so and cancel it at the last moment saying due to some "unforeseen circumstances" we have to cancel,this is their trick to keep customer's money and earn interest from here,first flipkart was like this and now their other company 'myntra' started doing this..
I have been using this app since long time. But this time i have ordered shoe from red tape. And they sent me totally different product. Different size , different color. And i don't want that product. I have complaint about it so many times. But they are not taking it back. Delivery man is saying the image is not matching the actual image. How it will match when u have send the different product. That's common sense. And now return window for that product is also closing. Didn't expect from u .
I used Myntra for the first time and was really blown away from the userface and ease of shopping. Would 💯 recommend
Worst app .. Whenever we have to return any product we didn't get any help from customer care.. They always make excuses 😞 Even most of the time product delivered wrong.. And they don't take any responsibility for this Even I don't get my money back Worst experience.. Thinking of deleting this app 😕
Customer service is very bad they are unable to solve the problem everyday they are just changing the policy to keep the customers money .... it's far better to be a valuable customer of Amazon at least they are taking care of there customer on priority especially the valuable customer shook!! Keep it as a escalation not as a feedback.....
This is the worst shopping app i had ever used. They always close delivery at the time of sale. I hope i can give them negative stars if possible. Also, they are charging high delivery charges and convinence fee. I will never use this app again.
I love this app. It never Crashed runs smoothly. Also Myntra is a great app for shopping.
Horrible experience with return of product. Returned product was picked up but status is still not updated even after 12 days. No refund initiated. All service executives have been unhelpful. Registered complaint was closed without any resolution and now new complaint is also unresolved since 3 days. I have been contacting the customer care helpline since 12 days now. Mailed all proof and data as well. Still no resolution. Worst experience ever.
Product not delivered on estimated date and no confirmation received regarding cancellation. Trying to connect customer service but everytime they replies that they will resolve it in next 48 hours . Issue not resolved after 78 hours and money not refunded. Worst shopping application.
This popular app is also delivered damaged products to their customers. I recently ordered footware from Myntra, I have received damaged product when I requested for exchange, they have accepted but at the time of delivery they declined to exchange the product saying that product quality check was not fulfilled. They sell cheap quality products to us and decline to exchange them in return. Sounds so worst
2 feedbacks. 1. Whenever a person sees an ad of Myntra on social media, the image shown of the thing on it doesn't leads to the image being clicked. The landing page shud directly go to the product shown. 2. Why to have 3 windows to enter for shopping after clicking Myntra. Let people search by brands and not category
Really, I'm extremely dissapointed from the service of Myntra i placed an order 'bout ten days ago and the delivery has been delayed twice. I've been a regular customer of Myntra since 2018 and this time I'm very saddened or I'm never going to use this app again.
Trust me they are terrible. Once you get stuck, you will not be heard. They will ignore you or will misguide you. Kindly be very aware before placing any order. Even after multiple attempts of returning the product they keep on just exchanging it. And when I talked to customer care agents, one of them told me it's upto me whether I want to continue to shop from Myntra or not. He clearly said " ma'am we don't call our customer and ask them to shop from us. If you don't want to shop then don't".
The customer service is one of the worst among e-commerce platforms. Myntra Express is just a name. I ordered a shoe to gift my brother, but no delivery attempt was made. The agent falsely reported I wasn't available. Despite many contacts to the customer service, I received only fake assurances of delivery. I waited for two days and took leave to receive the parcel, but it never arrived. Being an elite member, I faced this issue six times. I've never faced such idiotic behaviour in any platform
One of the worst online app, I had placed an order of two items together one they had cancelled it another they have sent wrong size and when I asked them why they have sent the wrong size they said the size I have placed an Order is not available in the stock. So i have asked them to return and refund for this item. They haven't returned the convenience fee in all these saying that one of these items were delivered so they can't refund convenience fee. Fraud who asked for a wrong size ?
"Myntra's customers are experiencing extremely poor service. Despite ordering a product and attempting to reorder it for exchange, Myntra repeatedly cancels the orders citing technical issues with their delivery partner. The option to exchange for another product seems to be a facade, as any attempt to utilize it results in last-minute cancellations on the evening before the scheduled delivery.This appears to be a deliberate strategy by Myntra to deceive customers and extrac money
Who give this junk (and Flipcart) 4 or 5 (even 3 or 2) are probably from another world. In my experience, ordered items rarely meet the description; refund is never complete—in the rare event it is processed (most of the time they tell lies that would shame Bernie Madoff to avoid returns and refunds, dragging it beyond the return date, and then ignore altogether); costs seem a direct ₹₹ translation from $$, and never the actual amount at checkout. They live up to Walmart's reputation in the US.
There refund process takes so much time. They have picked up the product but still it doesn't show that the product is picked up. And when you contact them they just give you time but don't do anything to solve the issue. Worst experience ever..... Totally disappointed...
Highly disappointing shopping experience. Bramd name shown in image is not the same that gets delivered to you. Some cheap ,local brand with same design was delivered. When i raised the issue, they simply denied !!! How cheap can you get, Myntra ?!
NON EXISTENT CUSTOMER SUPPORT from this app. Recently their return guy picked up T-Shirt and marked the return as failed. I have been trying to contact client service, either the executive is busy or it goes to an IVR that runs in circles....doesnt do anything. I have no recourse to even raise my complaint, resolution is a far off dream.
1. Very slow images loading 2. Irritating when sequence loads from start after deleting item from cart 3. Since last 4+ months issue exists 4. Don't tell me this is my internet issue or device issue as I had tried on different device and different internet and issue remains AS-IS Urgently resolve it before is stop purchasing from myntra
Worst app. After many exchanges again nd again they sent defected products. How reticles they are nd there is return option not available. This is the worst app I never seemed before.
Myntra is a misleading app, their customer service keeps repeating things like a parrot. No solution. No assurance of delivery. Collaborates with worst brands like trendynol who doesn't keep any stock and earns interest on our money for 2-3months and then say sorry can't deliver. Customer service people juhi garg, neeraj, geeta worst of the people who cut my call in between, don't let us talk to the decision makers, takes 4 days to track our product. Worst service ever.
I wish I could give this app 0 stars bcoz that's what they deserve . From last 10 days I am ordering a sassafaras trouser from them which is also prepaid and they are cancelling my product again and again after my payment. Day before yesterday I ordered it for 3rd time and guess what it got cancelled today. I even call their service centre but from there also I didn't get my satisfied answer. I am really sick of this app. You people don't order anything from myntra. They are playing with you.
I've been an insider member of the Myntra app and using app for more than two years, and I can tell from my experience that the company is currently moving toward being a low-service online marketplace. I regret ordering many times from Myntra and getting into difficulties for it. In general, when a business expands, its services also get better, but this is not the case with Myntra. They deliver defected product and they blame the customer and says we have send you product in right condition.
Don't install this app this company is worthless . I ordered productsn 4 times. 1 product got delayed after waiting 4days and 3 products got cancelled from their end on delivery day. And when I tried to contact customer support via call they are not connecting me then I tried chat via text they don't have executive for that and give me alternative to call on customer support which they aren't connecting. When you don't have executives for chat support then why give option. Don't use this app
MYNTRA is an India's biggest Shopping apps which have so many international brand available with unbeatable prices..I do highly rate. fast delivery and with clear direction.. return exchange are always available and everything is hassle free. Refund also very easy process.. I loved 😍 to shopping here this is great platform for buyer. I would like to say Thanks for everything Myntra
I am uninstalling myntra !!!!! This is the 3rd time where my amount is deducted but the order doesn't get placed.. Moreover, once complaint is registered myntra says the money is not with myntra check with the UPI app.. The same is said by the UPI app and I'm again redirected towards mnytra app !!!... I have lost around 900 rs now because if this ..... I am taking my business elsewhere forever more !!!!!!
Express delivery won't work if you order multiple items. My parcel is on hold for 3 days and will take 3 days more because one of the item is in transit. This is not cool Myntra. If you state that express delivery is possible then why take a week to deliver. Just deliver those goods which are received in warehouse near me.
Very poor delivery service. This is my worst online shopping experience. The delivery was to be made on 21st and its 24th now. The delivery is delayed and they are not even letting me cancel the orders. I have to go out of station tomorrow. Very disappointed. Edit :- Well you are not responding on your email.
I am using this app for a long time. Recently they started charging 20 rs on every order which is really not right. You can charge 2-5 rs which is also not good but I would love to pay 2 rs on per order but not more than this. I am not going to place more order from Myntra and will shop offline or on other platforms.
At first We trusted myntra because it gave us top quality items but now it has started doing fraud!!! They sold a damaged expensive branded handbag and now is not willing to exchange or return even if I am returning within 7 days and return policy is applicable to that item.. The delivery guy came to exchange the item but just clicked a photo saying we will exchange later and went back!! Now I will never trust myntra.
My Myntra app is not working, it is not opening properly even after updating the app many times.
WORST WORST WORST customer service ever!!! They sent me a product without any tag, I have size issue with the product so I tried to exchange it, which was not possible from their end. So, I tried to return it because there is no tag, I can't return it either. I'm going to uninstall this app, and never going to buy from it .Calling their customer service number is frustrating, it keeps repeating same messages, chat is always busy and can't send email. Nykka Fashion is better than this scam app.
This app is now becoming a nightmare for me. It just pissed me off. My two refunds are pending for many days. When I asked the customer executives they just said to wait for the next 48 hours. After a day or two they again say to wait for the next 48 hours. They raised issue tickets after that they themselves marked it as resolved , even though it has not been resolved yet
Scam app! I bought stuff for 3k and applied bank discount of 10%. When I didn't like some of the things, I returned them but the 10% discount was cancelled out in the return money, instead of individually calculating them. Didn't expect it from this big of a platform!! Worst experience Also, the collection is just trash.
Very bad experience with myntra.. There customer service is very bad.. They said in chat section call us when I call them their computer generated voice declare my selected option wrong while i followed them and didn't connect to customer care... Worst experience with myntra.. Atleast in other shopping apps we directly talk to customer care not with computerised voice...
Very nice app for purchasing trendy dresses , cosmetics, accessories, essential and so on at affordable prices.. I luve dis app.
They don't allow you to rate poor products. They work in connivance with sellers. If you're want to rate damaged product with 1 star then the application will either crash everytime you try or will keep showing error. Height of cheating is when after multiple trial for 20-30 minutes the application showed that your review is submitted but when I visited the review section of that product, I couldn't find my review there. Bloody cheaters.
Extremely disappointed with the service provided by Myntra. Despite reaching out multiple times regarding an issue with an order, there has been no resolution. Customer service representatives seem to lack the ability or willingness to address concerns effectively. Additionally, promises made to assist with returns were not upheld. This experience has left me frustrated and dissatisfied. I would caution others against using Myntra until they can improve their customer service standards.
I've been shopping on Myntra since 2018. Shopping experience is awesome. Wide range of collection with economical prices and good quality. Easy buys and return/exchange. None of the delivery was delayed till date.
My experience was good, I ordered shoes with size 9 but they appear to be bigger so I requested for exchyit happed on time and I am pritty much happy with the product.
THINK TWICE BEFORE BUY FROM MYNTRS. Old ,soiled white blazer was sent and immediately on the same day I've raised return request and attached photos & review. Again they are asking to attach photo in App where i am unable to upload photos. Their App, refund policy and customer service is pathetic.
I ordered a shirt from Myntra, but despite the app indicating it was delivered, I haven't received it. When I contacted their customer support, I was informed they couldn't assist as the 72-hour timeline had passed. This lack of assistance feels unprofessional and disappointing.
I am order in myntra but ordered product is bad quality So I am requested to return the product.In pick up steps they are not calling they only sent message and after few minutes they sent pickup unsuccessful message it happenes 4 times and exceeded the pick up time limit.I have experienced worst customer service.
Great Myntra! Now it's became a spam platform, I ordered 3 reslag full cargo pants rs1024+20rs platform charges+ delivery charges and it's send duplicate carbon company half transparent pants. When I return it's return only 1024. Not platform fee, why where is my rs20 and shipping charges, these scam is going on, I recommend don't use Myntra instead of use Flipkart it's return policy is better and no extra charges.
It's a very good platform to buy cloths with good quality, it's convenient and have various options.
I am shopping in Myntra for past 7-8 years now, I was an elite customer but after my recent order I was degraded to insider and also I am not able to use any coupon, not able to contact Myntra customer care. I filled a complaint also on their customer care number but after then even the customer care option has become unavailable on my Myntra app. I've spent a lot of money buying clothes from this app but now they've become worst company who loot their customers. Never gonna recommend Myntra.
Myntra is not customer friendly. It's very difficult to connect with customercare. I am trying to return a product from last one month. Every time they are telling by this time we take back the product but not taking return. I raised 5 to 6 complaints but no use. Look like big scam daily lakshs products sold thousands of customers wants to return product due to various reasons. All there money blocking months together. Kindly try avoid purchases from Myntra. Even I will raise with consumer forum
Worst service,, I ordered something thrice but dint receive,, even once,, the delivery person doesn't even bother to deliver it,, been calling him/ her non stop,, but no response,,, worst app ,,,never faced such problems with flipcart and Amazon
Variety of products in the App which is very user friendly. Superb customer service interms of delivery, exchange or return
Shopping with Myntra is really amazing as lots of varieties....latest and quality products....easy returns policy....😍
I had placed an order on 2nd June. There was a size issue with that order. I requested for a return through the app.Next day I received a call from the agent for return pickup. But that day I'm on weekly off from office.I requested the agent to complete the return process next day. I am on weekly off today. I have been getting regular messages for 3 days that the agent is coming for pickup today. then massage aata hai ki pickup failed due to unforeseen circumstances. We will try today.
It has the worst customer service. I tried to connect to their employees but it's impossible to actually talk to someone. I've tried it more than 5 times and each time I'm selecting the option to talk to the customer service employees it's getting back to the main menu. It's something important and I'm not able to talk to anyone.
Worst app in all platforms. Worst customer experience in my whole life. The agents are rude,un professional and won't help you at any cost. I ordered many items as it's Myntra sale going on the Myntra Cred UPI cashback valid only for 1st -30th April but Myntra payment options available offers still showed the cashback available on the purchases. I went ahead and bought it through cred UPI. This is misleading and the this is Myntra's fault to not notice this, 0 customer centric company.
First time a worst ever experience from myntra, since few months. Ordered item is automatically cancelled, exchage is delayed for many days nd even for month. If return option is selected, self return is being showed and if we give slef return no receipt is given by the warehouse when returning the item, nd refund is not initiated. Product size issue also been more, if i ordered size 10, size delivered 9 or 11, which resulting in all the problem.worst experience from myntra 4m past few months.
please do not buy any products from myntra if you intend to cancel tha order..Even if you cancel the order, it takes many days for you to get the refund (emergency) Or you may not get it at all.I canceled the order 20 days ago and haven't received the refund yet.It is very difficult to get refund from Myntra,your refund will not come till the time you send your reference number to the bank which is a huge waste of time.I personally suggest not to shop from myntra,total waste of time and energy.
Worst worst worst shopping experience in Myntra. Myntra is taking advantage of the huge population those who are not tech savvy. The issue arises during the return process. After returning the product, majority of the amount is credited to Myntra credit rather than crediting entire amount to the original bank account. They simply deny to pay the remaining amount even if you are not willing to purchase any product. The money is trapped in Myntra credit. This is unacceptable. Bloody thieves.
Worst delivery shopping with worst delivery scheme, they didn't withstand there won words to deliver items timely and delivery partner can do anything with you delivery item. The delivery experience was pathetic. My order was cancelled last minute causing me great inconvenience. The management was extremely poor. Did not expect this from myntra.
Worse customer care service... Not helping in the order issue even when it's because of their own app glitch... Worst experience ever of my whole online shopping experiences. Need to focus on the customers problem not saving your own skin.
I shop at Mantra very frequently. When I received the product I did not check it carefully and I accidentally removed the tacks. But when I put the clothes on after 2 days I saw that there were small holes in the shirt. When I talked to customer service they refused to take it back.
Hands down the best fashion app. The customer service and the return policy cannot be competed with and never have to worry about authenticity of brands no matter how high end they are. For me trust is most important thing as I have preferred to buy from myntra even when i could fins the same thing or similar a little cheaper on some other platform because of no hassle returns 😊.
New exchange policy is very good I liked it. It's too easy and user friendly. No hassel in returning and ordering the product.
It has been more than a week I am not getting my money back...i had ordered two piece dress but got different product I had complaint about this but not getting proper response...
I have raised return request on 7th june for bata shoes but still the item is not picked up.Every day morning i get message that item will be pickedup today but in evening i get message that pick up failed but in real no pick up attempt was made nobody called me for pickup.And twice the return was cancelled by app itself without my consent.I also raised one ticket by calling customer support but that also they closed the ticket without resolving my issue. Sent email with details still no respons
Worst App For shopping. I ordered shoes and it showed the delivery date after a week. Now two weeks passed. No delivery and no updates. Can't even cancel and get refund. Worst. Amazon is better.
Useless application.mutiple orders have been cancelled from their end after order placing. And they even deliver a single order in time.
I would never recommend this app. Total wastage of time and money. Low quality product delivered too fast. When you return the product same day, refund via UPI payment gets delayed by 4 days without any valid reason. Never trust this app!!!
I have reviewed Myntra 5 star but reducing now to 3 star because of following reason.❓ It's return process is lengthy and time consuming.❓ Customer care process is complicated. ❓Selling cheap product at high price.❓ Some product can't exchange to my location. ❓ Some product are different in colour slight , so their delivery boy showing unnecessary rule and attitude for the slight difference which obviously made from seller
Always have to pay extra 100Rs more than the selling price that includes platform fee and delivery charge. Price range is a bit high because I have purchased the same clothes from online with lower price. I rarely receive coupons and offers.
I am a new costumer and orders my very first order by recived only one product instead of two but paid for both products and as I was putting the issue and hoping it to be resolved I got a message which says it's not our issue and we test and scan everything and all that but they need to understand that the costumer is not free to get into an argument we all have our work to do ..... I am so disappointed by it
Really horrible application, they don't pickup your product on time and after they said that, will soon resolve your issue soon, but they didn't, and even they didn't provide me any refund. It's real-time experience that I went through and I am sure that many of people also might facing the same issue.i really disappointed by Myntra, I feel like to file case on myntra. It's getting more worse day by day.i suggest people that order when you really sure About the outcomes.
Worst ever customer service....can't able to return the item... delivery agent saying personal reasons that he can't come...while contacting customer service....no response everyone saying same thing like rhymes
Worst customer service ever.. First they don't provide tag with the clothes.. I had purchased from lulu and sky and there was no tag.. I wanted to exchange the product as the size was not perfect... But the delivery guy refused to exchange since there was no tag.. I contacted customer care.. First they say to wait for 48 hours for the resolution.. And this keeps continuing over a month.. No resolution as of now.. Only one thing comes from the customer care agent that team is working hard..
Myntra is farzi this days, there is no costumers support, worst service ever i received, when u purchase cosmetics there is no return or refund policy provide by myntra this days also they include 20 rs extra platform fee what the hell such a poor service
ordered shirt blue n red but received different shirt when ask for return rejected saying incorrect shirt,I raised concern no response till know it has been 5days.. terrific purchases,no cal response and not cal back for product related issues,same thing happening from 1weak no response on product related issues, waiting for product return but delivery rejected saying different colours not accepting the app,likewise happened for 2times till now don't know it get return or not ,only say wil try.
Ever since updating the app.. there is a problem when trying to open the cart. Can't access the bag option. really dissapointed. The cart just won't load or open and can't order anything. pls fix it..
My order got delayed and at last got cancelled just because I got it on a very low price after using some coupon , the price evenly got raised after my order got cancelled , as compensation I got a coupon of 100 rs off on products which I would never purshase , this ain't the first time I have experienced such response from Myntra
I love to shop on myntra as its outfits are designed uniquely as I am and it's trendy myntra stylish suits my taste in fashion I get everything which I want on myntra lots of love ❤️💛💖
Don't order anything from meesho. Such an useless app. You can't track your order as well.. I suggest meesho to shut their service
Its very bad platform...dont use myntra...it sends wrong product by correction with pen and later it doesnt accept....its very unworthy platform whoese service is worst ever
It's pretty weird that platform doesn't post elaborated reviews like other shopping apps, for many instance I couldn't trust only the rating stars, there are hardly any pictures from the customers in the review section for most of the accessories. Why is it not encouraged or posted I dont understand, as a buyer it helps.
This aap is very useful and time saving aap. This aap is so user friendly and easy to find the products of choice
I recently made my first purchase on Myntra, and unfortunately, it turned out to be a disastrous experience. Let me share the details of what went 1. Wrong Product Delivered: When the package arrived, I eagerly opened it, only to find that the product inside was completely different from what I had ordered. It was frustrating to receive something I didn't even recognize. 2. Exchange Hassles 3. Refund Denied: 4. A Trap for Shoppers: Conclusion:My first experience with Myntra has left me thorou
Worst app ...I ordered a product from this app as it was my first delivery so I got 50% off on that product and as I was tracking the location of my product it was In my area and it says delivery has failed to attempt and they just cancelled my order ...they didn't even call.. even after trying to talk with agent they were just saying sorry to me ,I asked for any coupon they are not giving me a coupon for my next order as my coupon code for first order is already used without completing order
Fraud app, delivering the copied products of top brands., not the original one. So you wanna buy branded items, visit brand store.
Worst shopping experience ever.Please never buy anything from this app ever.They are selling used products and when you return due to quality issues they fail the same product in quality check.I have returned the product with tags intact and exactly the way I received.They lost the product and now neither paying me refund nor shipping the product and customer service people are too rude.They won't resolve the issues but only beat around the bushes and come up with the same reply everytime I call
Myntra is one of the good platform to buy clothes online. The only thing that made me sad about the app is, I never bought a jeans on myntra. I ordered jeans couple of times and ended up having a bad experience because of size,fit and other issues.It doesn't have filter on inseam length or outseam length to buy jeans. It will be very helpful for consumers like me to buy jeans online if myntra provides filter on jeans inseam and outseam length.
Worst experience , received wrong size , whent tried to exchange , my size is not available , tried to contact customer care but the system never gives any option of "talking to customer care executive " it keep on giving same 2 -3 options in the loop , it is impossible to contact cce .
It has been bad experience with Myntra I ordered 4 product from Myntra they were costly but quality also very disgusting Jeans price high on Myntra app but quality also bad I receive always defected peice and used product I will delete Myntra from my phone now
always an amazing experience with myntra. They provide Best quality products all the time.
Worst service ever!! Its soo difficult to get the refund back. I tried calling the customer care, the senior agent named aaliya disconnected the call on my face. This is not how the customers should be treated. Will be deleting this application and will never shop again and also will suggest my family to do the same. Myntra needs to hire good agents who can assist customers better and not to disconnect the call. There was no call back given by the agent named 'Aaliya'. Kindly process the refund
Recently I had worst customer support experience from Myntra. Customer support raised wrong ticket from my side claiming that I said that I received a defective product but while my complaint was that delivery agent rejected my exchange even though product was unused and in good condition. Myntra accepted the delivery agent claim without any proof while rejected mine even though I provided every photo and proof. I am never going to use Myntra again.
This is one of the pathetic platform for getting your product exchange. I placed an order for a footwear on 29th June and within somedays my product was delivered and when I opened the box the buckle for one of the footwear was missing and I placed the exchange request immediately, and when u give call to their call center they will ask u to wait for 24hrs and they don't give any resolution. Beware of the fraud. Their call center agents will only ask to give 24 hrs and they will never get back.
First and worst experience. Ordered first time and they cancelled order stating wrong pin code even I had collected multiple orders from other platforms.
It's a great platform to get stylish dresses and the great part of this app is we can exchange style as well no other apps providing this feature.
Worst app. Taking 10 to 15 days n delivering product. Guys please do not buy product from this app. Poorest experience. J ordered two pants from same brand same item just color was different. One took more than 10 days to get delivered. Another i haven't received in 15 days. Please do not buy fron the website.
Services and credibility of Myntra downgrading day by day.It will become thirdclass online shopping app in near future.experience on this worst searching in app most difficult task. And now in days it disabled. Not any attractive offers available. Low MRP product delivered whereas charging for high one. Issue not resolved even after one month. It is cheating app nowadays. Customer support person is CEO of this app.
Myntra is really good at it's brands. The perfection of the brands is awesome. Myntra has got few of the luxury brands to the door step
Worst app ever , the delivery partner's are so irresponsible they delayed too much to deliver the products they don't take any responsibility for the customers. I have ordered a product and then I got a message that they delivered the product within 1 day , but they won't deliver my product on that day, they are too much irresponsible .Myntra is the worst app for shopping. So , please don't use their app, it's better for all the customers from this kind of harassment.
The return policy of myntra has been satisfactory. I used to purchase different products from Myntra and never had a issue, when I requested a return or refund. It's just recently that I ordered a branded tshirt and the quality of it was not even close the brand. Hence I requested a return and myntra couldnt even refund the entire amount, when it's not even the mistake of the buyer. Tired contacting thier customer care but it was completely useless. Please have a better return policy Myntra
Feeling very frustrated with the service provided by this platform one product was expected to delivered on 9 may, cancelled it on 9 may it is 14 may today neither the product is delivered nor it is cancelled. Truly unbelievable customer support always telling to wait for another 24 hours. Don't know what is going wrong with this trusted platform. From next time I will think atleast to use this platform.
Always had great experience while shopping in Myntra.. Myntra delivers the parcel before time .. it never disappoint you for late delivery.. it's always beforetime ✨🌸
Worst app. It canceled orders automatically without any reason also very late delivery service they provide
I have used many online shopping apps over the last few years but I did not find anyone like Myntra that could make products available to me at an affordable price.
Myntra doesn't approve negative product reviews. I received torn, low quality products and write reviews multiple times - it was never approved. Many products are mislabled- People have to return these products, and then Myntra marks them as "non responsible buyer". Why so shady!? If the product is not good, or damaged, we must be able to give honest reviews. This shady business practices has made me decide not to use Myntra and purchase from the brand websites directly or the shop instead.
Very very worst app Customer support is very worst Tamil language support is not accepted only accepted for English or hindi, Product Delivery is late..... Very disappointed Please don't download the app Don't purchase the product for Tamil customers
It was a good service until i recieved a delivery with damaged box (product was intact) and they wouldn't take it back when I tried to return.
My experience is worst I ordered something and received diff colors and all defaulted when I tried to call them I can't connect to a human but a robot and when I tried to chat with them they are not replying...now I as a customer can do what nothing really bad service I m really disappointed
Myntra had been my go to app but now their services are getting really bad. My order has been cancelled on the day of delivery without citing any reason or providing any communication beforehand. When i had called their customer support, they are not ready to raise any complaint regarding this. Once my father had ordered 2 kurta and received only 1 and when he spoke to customer representative, instead of resolving his query they had blocked his account. Very bad customer service.
Terrible experience. The product was supposed to be delivered yesterday but it's showing as delivery delayed and no one in Myntra knows where the product is. If the company itself unable to track its product delivery status then forget about the end users. Such a disappointing service. I have been told to wait one more week for resolution of my issue. One week? It's ridiculous. I could've bought it from my nearby market in about an hour or even in less time. What's the use of online shopping.
Product delivered was wrong brand and it took more than 3 wks and still the entire team has mismanaged the case and are not willing to give any solution. Its extremely disappointing as it also means the quality of the product, trust of the customer holds no value for Myntra. I have heard of multiple people sharing same experience and I always throught it's exaggerated but this time I have been subjected to harassment and it makes me believe that all those comments have been true.
Totally duplicate products available on meesho... If any one want to victimiz from meesho then carry on.. They always show different image and send duplicate product of that image... Don't buy any thing from meesho
All the products here are very good and deliver exactly what it looks like and this is a very good platform for online shopping here ☺️😍😍😍😍😍😍...
Very poor service from myntra, First you send the product and take 2weeks to respond to the issue. Pathetic service from this big app.
It's a good shopping site...as it introduced many features including Ai assistance and separate section for all different customers Recommended
Be aware of fraud Recently I got a very bad experience I ordered one product but after payment there is no product info was showing in the app . And their customer care is also not responding , i tried by all means even i mailed till now i haven't recieved any response , finally I came to know its a fraud I wonder how they can be so irresponsible at least customer care should response Very bad service 😑😠 Im going uninstall this 😠
Extremely disappointed with Myntra's decline in quality and service over the past year. They have stopped allowing honest and negative reviews, and have tampered with the rating system. As a result, customers are being misled into buying counterfeit and low-quality products. It's clear that Myntra has prioritized profits over customer satisfaction. They have also discontinued many benefits that were previously offered. Myntra has lost my trust.
This is a very useless app for shopping, the delivery also comes very late and how many times have I ordered the product, it has come bad, this is a very useless app, it is important not to do any shopping.
The best part of Myntra is their exchange process which is absolutely hassle free and marvelous considering the every aspect of reasons for exchange like size or fit or quality or style. Yes here lies the actual awesome experience of shopping from your home. Infact a retail shop will not provide such flexibility and range of period for the exchange. Infact forget of exchange u can return as well which is not at all possible in retail shops. Yes be it any reason u can return the product.
I've been looking for good trunks which gives comfortable after all i found DaMensch. Its very good cloth and light weight.
The delivery service is way too bad I mean the parcel's expected to reach by yesterday evening it hasn't yet reached my place even though it has reached the nearest hub. And even when I called the customer service centre they are giving me the exact same info that is available on the app and they say ki we are really sorry but at this point of time I don't have any more info about your parcel and turns out they do not have the contact and address details of the delivery partner as well as hub
Waste of time. Horrible user interface. Order not showing under Orders tab. Worst experience
Myntra is the best shopping apps for me, the best offer in every season,best delivery, fastest response you won't regret shopping with Myntra..
its so trusted app and the products are very superior quality and the best app i have seen till now its the totally best app there's no any issues in shopping any product in the Myntra
Superduper offer ,style , collection everything is here...... no need to go anywhere. Thanks myntra.
Best shopping App in compare to others . You'll truly love it , Myntra will never disspoint you. You'll receive your order as shown in the image just go for it guys
They send some garment which doesn't resemble the one shown in app, so I requested for return to which they rejected it because it doesn't resemble the one in the app..it has happened to me twice. Branded and not branded both. Despite showing labels and packaging everything..it is disappointing. I tried taking help from customer care but in vain. I am afraid to shop from this App anymore
Myntra NEVER TRUST MYNTRA THEIR COMPLAINT HANDLING IS PATHETIC.. ALLOW ME FEW MINUTES IS THEIR STANDARD STATEMENT AND THAT FEW MINUTES WILL NEVER BE OVER. I WILL REQUEST EVERY ONE TO UNINSTALL THE APP AND START ORDERING FROM OTHER ONLINE APPS WERE THE EXPERIENCE IS GOOD. CAPS IS ON PURPOSE. I THINK WE SHOULD STOP SHOWING 'JAANE DO WALA ATTITUDE AND PUNISH PEOPLE WHERE THEY DON'T TAKE CUSTOMERS SERIOUSLY
low prices and good quality clothes and fashionable. any other platform and you get many coupons here to extra discount
I have already paid order amount from my UPI app money has deducted from my bank account still order has not been placed yet and products are still present in the cart. And whenever i try to get support from help center it will direct me to the payment gateway option n once again they request for payment which is already done. Kindly look into this issue. Send back my money as soon as possible Or else place the order ASAP. Thank you for your support.
Had a good experience but recently I ordered 2 face washes which I didn't receive yet even after 9 days of the delivery date As it says that shipping is delayed..reached out to customer care and filed complaint for me and asked me to wait for 3 days. I waited for and received notification that I'll recieve an update in next 48 hours but there was no updateSo I called cust. care again and they asked for another 24 hours for updating me on the issue& again no update and process repeated once again
I'm a loyal customer on this Shopping app over the years but my last order experience gone horrific and terrible as I have ordered the product from ATRAENTA brand but instead of this i received the product from Molly & Michel brand of same color, design and size of the relevant product. Now, I have to return it but delivery boy refused to pickup the product as it having mismatched product's brand name. Though I'm very disappointed by such irresponsible issue faced; i want to return my order.
No one should buy from here. Extremely bad. Worst experience. They sent me only 1 item out of 2. Took my money for both. They are not willing to talk. BAD BAD BAD BAD Experience. Unhappy. I am an insider customer. They are not even listening to me. It's 1392 rupees
Plateform fees is higher than other other app and also it take convenience fees but other app doesn't take convenience fees.
Very user-friendly website and seamless options for shopping available at your fingertips.
I ordered Roadster Co. Reversible Bomber Jacket on 02-07-2024 but on 03-07-2024 they delivered different product with multiple with multiple damages and inspite of continue escellation to customer care executive also no resolution provided yet.overall very worst experience.I am not going to suggest Myntra even to my enemy also.
Scam app and website. Selling cheap rejected products at large discount. When u realise it's time to exchange they say your product is used / stained. *****
Best fashion brands available on this app,no bugs, no issue of any kind used it for many orders and it was good
Worst app..no timely Delivery of Product. Even not botherd about customer's problems. Even not ready to talk to solve The problem
Please keep negative feedbacks for such websites. Refund process is horrible here, for a brand who advertise 1 lakh+ products they cannot give a refund for 2 shirts back within 48 hours. Techincal glitch server issue etc etc.. please don't order from here, you will get free headache and you will end up begging calling the customer care again n again to get back your money. -10 star negative ratings. 😡
Had been Myntra from 2012 Always had good experience, even moving from website to app. It's just really sad to see that the app has become not trustworthy , simply it opens on a blank page.
Love myntra app,all fashion needs are available here, prompt and fast delivery. Very fast resolution of queries.
Pathetic help centre.I repeat PATHETIC.First of all I receive a broken mirror packed all together without a FRAGILE label on the box and with a bike borne guy. The moment I raised the complaint it asked me to wait for 48 hours and then asks me for the pictures and labels and tags and after attaching every single image after 6 days I receive the update as resolved as the product was delivered to me after successful quality check🙄. What rubbish is this.Is this how you provide solutions to problem
Very poor help center service, they don't listen to your complains unless you call them 10 times and forget about complaint over texts.
Very bad customer service. I ordered an item and a wrong product was delivered. I tried to return this product and the delivery agent was insisting me to return the product in the picture(the product I actually ordered). I didn't receive that product. I tried to convince him that they have delivered wrong item. But they cancelled my return and didn't refund my money. I tried to contact the customer service but they are unreachable. I was a regular customer, but this incident made me to rethink
I buy all my clothes from Myntra! They offer a great variety of styles and their easy returns make shopping a breeze
It always a amazing experience to shop at Myntra online store. I always get what I am looking for at affordable prices. Thanks you Myntra.
Very bad experience. I received wrong product but my return request is not approved. I can't expect this from such a good app like Myntra.
NEVER EVER TRUST MYNTRA THEIR COMPLAINT HANDLING IS PATHETIC.. ALLOW ME FEW MINUTES IS THEIR STANDARD STATEMENT AND THAT FEW MINUTES WILL NEVER BE OVER. I WILL REQUEST EVERY ONE TO UNINSTALL THE APP AND START ORDERING FROM OTHER ONLINE APPS WERE THE EXPERIENCE IS GOOD. CAPS IS ON PURPOSE. I THINK WE SHOULD STOP SHOWING 'JAANE DO WALA ATTITUDE AND PUNISH PEOPLE WHERE THEY DON'T TAKE CUSTOMERS SERIOUSLY
I have been shopping from this app for years now and I have never had a bad experience until now. But now they have been cancelling my orders out of nowhere without consulting me citing unavoidable reasons. It has happened two three times now. I am kind of fed up and very disappointed.
The most useless app 🤬, i even cant able to log in last 4 month,they even cant return my orders and deactivated my account for no reason
The new web version is aweful. Facing so much issues. I am afraid Myntra will loose some of it's valuable customers
I placed an order on 18th July for 2 Jockey bras and 1 pack of Jockey underwear and it was supposed to deliver yesterday but it didn't and finallyyy they deliver it today and guess what the underwear pack was missing from the parcel. And I have tried to reach out to the concerned customer care service and they are not responding.And the product is not returnable what should i do now to get my money back?! This is a total scam and fraud from myntra! please do resolve this matter asap.
All the products are of good quality and come at good prices. I am happy after shopping from Myntra. 😇😇
Product received on time . Quality is excellent. Placing the order on app is very convient.
This app has taken a long leep in terms of user experience that is just focused on fashion. Love buying from here
Don't do shopping in myntra.. their customer service is worst... I have placed an order and received both the products in broken condition.. They are taking 80hrs time just to check the damaged product images which we have uploaded in the app.. If we call the customer care people. They are behaving like they are doing a favour for us and kept my call silent once they completed speaking. Feeling shame on myself for shopping with a website like Myntra. you people don't value the customers..
Changing my review, their store changing update mynta to fwd is worse. I have to manually change from fwd to myntra every 2 minute every time i opened the app. Change that update
It is great face wash for all skin types. Such a great combo for sensitive skin.I love this product.
It is very much good. Most of fashion brands we can find over here. The product quality is very much good.
Ridiculous Myntra...App has become so complicated. Prior to this, I was able to filter out my likes and dislikes regarding the category i would be searching for. Now for 'fwd' section, doesn't offer such thing. It is such a hassle for people to find the correct product. I have been using for over 10 years yet this is first time I'm hating it to this extent. I hope there'll be some update in future, but till that time I don't see myself using Myntra until then.
I use always myntra and am Satisfied with hrx reflective jacket..it's awesome .....it's very useful for running and specialy in winters ....So much fog during witers
I shopped and collected soo many points and became an insider, i was happy with app until one day i decided to change my phone. I was in active for 1 week and they deactivated my account upon calling the help centre the executive said you need to send your government id proof. I said thats fine but i have only one day to place replacement for my order as they have sent the wrong size. The executive said we cannot help you in any way until your recover your account we can take sound 24-48 hours.
It's giving worst service and fake Messy product so now have stopped shopping from this app after experiencing worst service and products ..and the delivery service is also worst
Had a bad experience with delayed delivery. The app does not show any details about the next due date. You get very vague response from customer care. There is no email/sms notification in the event of product not bieng delivered. Did not expect this from Myntra
My recent experience with Myntra was disappointing I ordered a product but what arrived was completely different from what I had selected When I tried to return it for a refund the ekart delivery staff refused to accept it claiming it wasn't the same item Frustrated I contacted Myntra's customer service and filed a complaint Unfortunately after waiting for more than 10 days my issue remains unresolved now I am stuck with product. I have lost trust in Myntra and will not be using this app again.
Hello , I order something in giftwrap on Myntra and also pay extra but they didn't send me very worst delivery... And also take extra money from me don't do ever giftwrap option
Worst experience ever. I ordered a philips hair straightener, but the product delievered to me was a curler. I reported the issue to customer support team , and they investigated the product such that they are not ready to accept their fault. The team tries to manipulate the customers with their absolute fake details about the product. Will never order from this platform again!!! Absolute pathetic experience. Even the guys in their back-end team are not ready to listen my grievances.
My 2 dresses were picked up on 3 days back..For one dress refund has been initiated whereas for the second dress narration is stating that pick up failed even though the dress was picked up by the agent.this is highly disappointing and unprofessional
completely different size and product,brand, style received only colour is same I hope this time deliver same product and size
It's completely a fraud app. They mentioned less price at end or reason sale but now all orders got cancelled and mentioned technical reasons. Don't believe in those bloody offers. Always waste of time using myntra
Disgusting experience ever, they show express delivery while placing order ,once the order is placed they extend it 2 - 3 days more. When called the customer support they had no solution for this.Really don't know what kind of service quality is this. I hope you guys understand delivery time is a major factor.
gave wrong product & not returning my money either, on talking to team they disconnect the phone, looks like nybtra has started some scam to dupe people.
It is nice marketing for common peoples, the experience is good and very help ful to the person who can not go in person for purchase the house hold etc.
Very good app for shopping, but there is a scam in supercoins. I had more than 800 supercoins and without redeeming it decreased to 3 coins. Again I have collected 500 coins but it is showing 12 coins. I contacted their customer care but issue not resolved.
Very good experience with Myntra...the quality of fabric is soo sooo sooo much good 👍🏻😊 and the price is very reasonable for that fabric.. very impressive ❤️❤️
Myntra is the worst online shopping app. I used to be a loyal customer but I have lost all faith in these frauds recently. I had ordered a fossil watch worth 13.5k as a gift for a friend but found out that there was no watch in the box. I tried complaining to Myntra's customer care but the problem still hasn't been solved. It's exhausting talking to these people because they all just read from the same script and tell you they totally understand your situation but they don't do anything. WORST
I placed and order and when entered the payment details it deducted the amount. But in orders section therewas no order visible. The customer care informed that order could not be placed and amount deducted would be refunded in 48hrs. It's been more than it and still haven't received any refund. The customer care service is poor . In chat it shows we will hearback in 24hrs and there is no option to connect with customer executive directly on call which is pathetic.
Price of same product is higher compared to other platforms and there is platforms charge of 20 rupya and when you do cash on delivery you have pay to pay 10 rupees extra that's too bad for costumer
This is called fashion I love it because it is more fashionable than the local market i love the design thankyou myntra for the best app in the world I just love the design my nephew 💗 just love the design of the frock thank you so much myntra fashion
It has been 25 days and I am still not able to initiate my refund, everytime I call customer support they cite "technical problem" from their side, keeping the money of the customer for no reason is an unethical practice. Better switch to other apps that provide instant resolution. Disappointed!
It is good app for clothes. Decent quality, good options, variety to choose from, has items for all price range low to high. Return and exchange service is really easy and hastle free. Really great app.
myntra is good for shopping merchandise but it's taking app using charges. 20rs. platform charges everytime when you purchase anything from it
I have used 2 things for my personal use,1 was chappals from Inch5 & a purse from Metro.Both the things were very poor quality.I think it provides local duplicate things for the same.I wish I could share the product quality by clicking pics of the items.
The system of gift card was so good before now it's just a farce. When I have coins being icon member, then they don't even show the gift card option. And now when I am elite member, the gift card option os available but the coin value has increased so much for just 250 rupees. Horrible
Worst service, disppointing support! Twice they delivered a wrong item & refunded amount after deducting all offers. Their failure in serving us will even cost us when returns are done. No consideration items ordered in that one order Images shown on app, & delivered items have huge differences& style exchange is not an option for many items. So you will place return & again, they will deduct in your refund. Customer care gives false commitment, req will be closed as per their convenience!
After update now its loading like in brwser each time when ho to orders show glitch. It shows the same item multiple time. Have to check and refresh the page multiple time. It's becoming a worst experience with myntra app
I've been a customer of Myntra for many yrs but I am extremely disappointed with my recent experience.I ordered an item & it arrived broken.I immediately raised a complaint & was assured a resolution within 2 days,but nothing happened.Now it's been a week & still no resolution.I've repeatedly called customer care,but it has been a waste of time.Their promises of resolving the issue are hollow & their customer service is abysmal.This has been an incredibly frustrating experience.Never go for it!
Wrong product is been delivered. The highest membership on Myntra is being an icon member and inspite of being there they are not ready to resolve the issue on priority basis.. I had ordered a bag of 7300 rs and they delivered of different brand of 4400 . This is like mental harrasment to the coustomer. Is it so difficult to check the product before delivery. And when I spoke to coustomer care they are not able to resolve this on priority basis. I would not recommend to use this app.
Poor app all are fake sizes & not sure get exact size delivery. Better to choose nyka for better products.. i had requested to implement inseam selection in the choose option for jeans , which can be help ful to buyer & myntra for unwanted transport expenses. But for a taller guy myntra is not suitable to buy jeans no sizes & lengthy jeans .. poor Myntra services
The worst customer service. First they deliver wrong/defective product and then when issue is raised they tell that we cannot accommodate the return/exchange due to policies. Never accepts their mistake. The representatives never take an effort to resolve the issue
Myntra has made itself worst site past these days....my experience was very traumatic..I have booked 12 -14 items in June 2o24 sale...all were prepaid..my 3 items are missing....not delivered to me and on app it is showing delivered....even after multiple complaints they took no step for it and apart from this the delivery person.they hired from Ekart Kolar bhopal are so rude ..they always deliver items at night 10 pm even after multiple request to deliver on time.and Myntra took no action for i
I had placed a return request for one of the items and the delivery agent took it with him. But now the myntra customer care is telling me that they haven't received the product so now I won't get refund. I have contacted atleast 10 customer care agents and I have got no help in the matter. I returned the product all in good condition and with the seal intact and I still don't get my refund. I have been a regular customer of this platform which now I think is time to change. Really disappointed.
Worst support, your call will not get connected to support incase you have issues with your order even if you are select premium member. Sometimes even you might recieve fake labelled products instead of original ones.
I recently purchased Rom&nd cool tone 3 piece set tint worth rupees 1850 for my girlfriend, it was delivered yesterday, she received only 1 instead of all 3 and now there is no review option being provided so I'm here with my grievances. When I tried to exchange it, the recommended item was not available. The customer service number is not working either. Even if I return the tint I'm not sure whether or not I'll be refunded as this is not the first time it's happened. Proof is there if needed.
Platform fee is being charged for an online shopping app! Are you serious?? once you have added one item in their cart and the price of the item will get increased by 50-60% without any reason. they are spending all their money in their advertisements for so called Bollywood celebrities, which they are charging extra from public! Not a player for long run!
I bought a roadster card holder from myntra. The card holder which they have sent was of low quality and does not match with the picture shown during the purchasing. And when i asked for exchange from last 10 dazs they are saying it will b done in short time. Till now they haven't done the same. Nd when i wrote a review about it they are not approving it. And closed the ticket by themselves. Worst application. AMAZON IS FAR BETTER THEN myntra.
Worst experience. The product I got was different from the image. Tried to return it 3 times. Some how they are denying pick up. Talked to customer care 3 times. Still same result. Very bad experience. Last order from Myntra.
Wow really this is amazing platform for shopping. Because there is many and more things which we can buy very easily and without any errors .Whenever I ordered any things from this shopping platform, this platform always gave me best order without any defective so I really trust this shopping platform very much.
Scammers!! Once the payment is deducted from them, there is no way of reaching out them. No customer care number or the delivery number works!! Just the computer voice mail!! It's been 10 days! Where are my all of 4 products! Absolutely pathetic!! Never buy here!!
I had ordered a bag , but received a totally different bag ( design was totally different).I opted to exchange it with a different bag of higher price range . But was denied exchange saying did not pass quality check process. I did not use it so what was my fault . I used to shop a lot from myntra but now I won't buy anything from it
Worst shopping app, their customer care services is not to the point, they just give you excuses, I want to return my dresses because I have received the wromg product but they're not helping me out and now they're saying that we can't help you anymore, what should I do with that dress?, I have received a wrong product that is my mistake, they're saying that they manage to exchange the product and the delivery mann is also assigned, but I don't receive any message and call from their side.
The Myntra app is worst, the workers are sending wrong size and this is happened 7-8 times. I call the helpline number they said that I can understand but they not tell that size is available or not. They said this time it will reach the correct size but wrong size was delivered. The workers are not doing their work properly.
Great Shopping Experience! "I've been using the Myntra app for a while now, and I must say it's one of the best shopping apps out there! The interface is user-friendly, and the navigation is seamless. I love how they have a wide range of products to choose from, and the filters make it easy to find what I'm looking for. The deals and discounts are amazing too! The delivery is always on time, and the quality of the products is top-notch. I've never had any issues with my orders.
It's one of the most fraud app.. They keep fooling us. Whenever I had ordered anything they have sent me wrong things and haven't taken the return telling that I'm giving them the wrong product.. I had ordered shoes of size 6 and they put a fake sticker on box above size 7 as size 6 and sent me twice size 7 instead of 7
The best part I like is the process of return, style exchange or size exchange in Myntra. The hassle free and buttery smooth procedure of exchanging products due to fit issue, quality issue, size issue or any other matter is the best part and experience of shoping at Myntra. Also the deals are good to enjoy....
Always get very good stuff as shown in picture, ... I really love this application.
Had the worst customer care service, ordered (prepaid) a bag which kept showing order recieved but not confirmed for 4-5 days, talked to customer service about the delivery and they said it will be delivered on the designated date.. the date came and Myntra cancels my order, refunds my money, saying "they resolved my issue". How professional!!
The product never gets picked up. No one would come to pick up but register as quality check failed without even contacting you. Worst experience in recent times. This happened multiple times with multiple product.
My Myntra credits is not showing, and it is not shown as expired, without any message or notification the amount has moved to expired and I am not able to use 600 rupees, atleast a notification can be send before expiry, 100 of notification will come for sale but value for customer money.
Edit. The rating remains the same as there is no way of giving a worse review. Same issue. Order placed. Commitment given for a delivery date. Order not delivered. They dont have any clue about what has happened and when can the order be delivered. Can even send a written communication regarding the same.
Cool app. Very easy to navigate. Good services. Overall would recommend.
Absolutely pathetic experience. Zero customer support on delivery, exchange and return. And many positive reviews,you see here are actually paid fake reviews.
I received a wrong saree but they are not accepting return request and saying from their end they send correct product.I was regular customer from last 5-6 years but they are not able to provide me resolution for my issue.Customer service is not supportive to resolve issue. From next time I will not go with Myntra shopping.
One of the best shopping app with lots of varieties and flexible return and exchange system. Brings up good deals for customers. Top of that they always ensure a timely delivery.
I'm unable to login to my account due to authorisation error. However, when I open my account in browser it works. I want this issue to be fixed.
I had order the milton tiffin box nd when I got the order i got 3 small container plastic one! Full wrong product i received then i applied for return they told me mam we will fulfill ur need nd etc etc etc! The pick up boy cancel the product by saying mismatch, they told to apply to talk to Myntra then apply it ! I had contacted myntra customer 8-9 times saying the same line mam sorry for the wrong product! After some days that they rejected the product by saying it we had delivered the right
Myntra is amazing shopping platform it has wide range of products it always gives regular discount on products and yeah quality is outstanding
Very baad experience on my last order .. i ordered black colour heels but they send me grey colour and now there is no option of return... And yet I didn't receive my black heels
Very bad experience from customer care number they even do not try to solve any problem I have ordered 3 item item is not delivered to me and it is marked as delivered,customer support not able to solve this issue from last month please do not order from myntra and specially order like pre paid
Very bad ..i ordered first time and getting defected product..and then they not return it and nor getting any solution...i think this is for several people... not for any one. Not getting any support from costomer support
Always have server error... Tried reinstalling it many times. Still not working. Hate this app
We bought a a two shampoo combo form Biotique on this App at first we were overcharged against the visible price and delivered damaged products. To our surprise raising a return cum refund request was tiresome. After that the Pickup agent mis reported one of the shamooo bottles and we are still awaiting refund for one of the two bottles. Shame to the customer support and rederrsal mechanism of Myantra. The next step is to alert Walmart on this dissatisfaction. Awaiting resolution
The product was delivered on time and the product was soo good. I liked The quality of the cloth very much.
Honestly No hate just sharing genuine review to all the people out there I never once had a great experience with Myntra and I really don't find their management as well as their customer care executives helping. everything , every issue takes so much long to get solved and there is always so much problems to do return or get refund and exchange where as I find it is so easy to get issues solved and gets a great experience of a shopping on other shopping apps in comparison.
Amazing user experience, ease in buying and returning products, hassle-free wishlisting feature Myntra provides quality deals and trends! Prefered over any other aggregator platform♥️ 5 stars 👍👍👍👍👍
Horrible experience, have been disabled pay on delivery and have to pay a platform fee for no reason. There is no customer care to address the issue too
I really frustrated there is no option to get all order on a single day, i have order 5 items and they are showing 5 different dates to deliver.
I love this app . But there is no help from customer service like first we have to talk to AI then customer service executive will join or based on the query they didn't. Most of the time all the executive are busy . We can't even adjust the delivery time . If we want delivery on later date . Then also we can't do anything. Not even the customer support help us . That's the most worst part of Myntra
App is good, one of the important data point for trousers and Jeans under Size, is the "bottom Hem" which is missing, which will certainly help many in making an informed decision to buy a jeans or a trouser.
Superb App. Superb Customer Support. Superb Products. Excellent. But App need to be Faster, it's Very Slow.
Worst customer service never order from this app. Ull get a wrong product any once u contact customer care they will closed ur ticket without giving solution and they will not refund or return the order. Bad experience from this app. I had contacted customer care 3 time bad they asking the same question again and again.
App is always lagging. Its user interface is worst than any shopping app . Frustrated with the delayed response in this app 😓
MyntraI recently had an exceedingly disappointing experience with Myntra's customer service. After purchasing a product, I needed to return it, but Myntra's response has been nothing short of abysmal. They have consistently failed to provide any meaningful assistance, leaving my return request unresolved. Instead of addressing the issue, they repeatedly assured me that it would be taken care of, causing significant delays and a waste of my time.Myntra's handling of customer concer
Just great....nothing more to say !! Been using myntra from last 9 years hardly ever face any concern or issue. Almost every apparels used to buy from myntra
Very bad experience. So costly app. Why are you charging platform fee and shipping fees these days. This is the new why to exploit your customers. Myntra kindly remove these charges
If someone can have Worst delivery system it's Myntra. You guys thing every is available to receive order anytime. You guys don't offer customized delivery dates.
My first to go for clothing, but the apps seems to some problem idk if it's bcz of caching it's becoming slow sometimes and stuttering
Myntra is best app and I always purchase good quality cloths and shoes , quality and price are much better than Amazon / Flipkart , in case there is any size replacement or change of products , very quick service and customer service is also respond immediately with customer oriented solutions , I stop visiting brands showrooms as it waste lot of tims and energy , till date I will give 98 out 100 for quality / serice and customer support . Regards Brijender Saini
Worst packing. I am facing many problems from myntra .Wrong product deliver many times . I'm I'm troubled with this app
Grievance redressal is horrible. You only interact with IVR, chatbots on the basis of preconceived questions. The customer is not given any chance to state his/her particular case either with the chatbot or with any customer service executive either on chat or call. Delivery executive assigned to deliver my order consistently showed that I was not at home hence he couldn't deliver the order when I or my family members were at home. issue ws acptd only once. This has been happening frm the beg.
One of my favourite shopping apps , no compromise with quality. Everytime i make an order recieve a top notch quality product . Offers a wide range of clothing n other products and a good platform for all my fashion n shopping needs !!
I've had the best experience with myntra! Hoping for the future updates would be favourable to me. Please clear the bugs!
Recent Worst experience. I ordered a product and received a different item and Myntra team doesn't took further actions they declined my return request for 3 times and didn't gave the refund .They said we gave best resolution,best resolution and at last they said sry mam we can't do anything.Not trust worthy app.My issue not yet resolved.In this app customer service is very poor.
Myntra has a new scam where they send poor-quality dresses and then cancel the return policy. Even if you email them, they don't respond. Their customer service is also very bad. Very disappointed.👎👎👎 I ordered a dress for 1200 rupees, but its quality is so bad that it’s not even worth 400 !! I’ve faced similar issues with Myntra before. I will never buy anything from Myntra again. 👎👎👎👎👎
I faced a lot of issues with the Myntra return pick up. Again this time same is happening... The delivery guy is not calling me for the return pick up instead I'm getting a message saying that they are unable to reach me out. This happened twice with the same product return.
Great website for fashion and accessories with wide range of choices in products. The best part is the user experience.
I am seriously in love with Myntra. I dont know why people like amazon or flipkart for fashion. I love only myntra, Brands, quality and the return/exchange/refund process is sooo fast. Thanks myntra
Very unprofessional delivery persons. If you can't improve your delivery partner then please shut your app. I have also mailed to the feedback mail but I didn't get any response very very unprofessional.
Worst customer service ever, they delivered the wrong product and they can't even fix it in two weeks, i think I'm not even going to get my money back hence the product i ordered, Amazon would have taken care of this in 5 minutes, this is not the first time so i don't know what they are smoking over there.
Bad services and problem with returns of products. Deactivated my account when I tried many time return due to size problem.
Don't buy products from Myntra . I had order one product on 25th May which is received on 27th May. The product I got defective from back side.. i thought to exchange the item instead of returning the product as they charge 50 RS per product for return. i thought exchange is better option.. then I exchange the product which was cancelled by Myntra 1 days before delivery..then I spoke to customer care then they said for return the product.now they have rejected the return and there is no support.
I think there is a bug in this app . The screen goes white every time when i run this application
Poor delivery and taking 3 days after promised delivery date, Also when cancel the order taking more times to refund. ❌Extremely poor service ❌ Also costomer care can't solve your problem
Worst app ever! got scammed by different product, it had return option but doesn't help when you get the wrong product delivered. Wasted my money. Such a lengthy process to carry on with. Hated the whole experience.
price are not same for regular customers There is Exposing Diffrent. Rate of items s but after placing the order the amount will be more than original price.. Too much shipping charges... For regular customers...
The application is of extremely low quality. They charge us for every little thing, even if we return defective items. It is extremely challenging to get in touch with customer support. This is by far the worst application I have ever utilized. Occasionally, we receive second-hand items or products with damaged packaging. Lately, they have even started selling counterfeit products.
Worst app, worst online shopping site. my first order was hopeless. unable to return/exchange. the product does not match with the picture. totally different
Great app for those he really can't just spare time to go to markets & malls for shopping. Plus, i can actually shop on the go,, whenever i get time,, like at nights and so on! Just love the ease of this app. The return nd exchange options furthermore add to the value provided by Myntra.
Myntra isn't taking responsibility for the fraud that is being going on in their delivery system. This isn't the 1st time that I have received a wrong product. I ordered a male shorts and I was delivered a female t-shirt. It's the 3rd time this has happened to me. So I had to cancell my other 5 products which were prepaid and yet to be delivered to me. All because someone stole my shorts and placed them with a female t-shirt. Myntra has to check their logistic systems and the sallers too.
Almost every time reaching the satisfactory level. And specifically woollens bought here were very attractive and praiseworthy.
It's always the best experience to buy from Myntra.I always prefer Myntra over any other shopping app due to the quality of the products and hassle free returns and exchanges.
The delivery services provided by this app is good. However you cannot provide genuine review for some poor quality products to make other customers aware of it, it just says review under moderation and gets rejected. I don't like this part. This MYNTRA just wants good reviews to be shown to fool many people. So 2/5 for exceptional delivery services.
We purchase multiple products with bank discount offer. Myntra send diffetent product from what order is place. When we try to return just one product, myntra deducts all bank discount of full order against just one product. Now a days Myntra has become mess with all complex processes and sending different. Customer will return to offline shopping over online.
I have ordered many good product. I am very happy. Myntra is good and best shopping apps keep going for all customers.
If the rate increases before the delivery of the product, the order gets canceled saying that it is a technical issue, now you will have to place the order again.
Never purchase from myntra.. They will give you discounts then you will placed your order, your order will also get confirmed and then myntra will cancel that order from their end..for time being they keep our money I have faced this 9th time.. My total 9 orders got cancelled.. Their customer care person named anjali gupta very rude..
I happen to be a Myntra customer about a while and this is th first time I am writing about the application. I returned the the whole order placed on cash. Even then also my platform fee and COD wasn't refunded. I asked the customer service about this. THEY SAID IT'S for using the application. Like paisa le liya ab ham katenge or phir vaapsi karenge.
I cannot see 'themed icon' native support in this app's icon. This is against the design Language of the latest android. You should fix this asap
they promise to response on incidents to look into item tha is showing delivered but not delivered in 24 hrs but after 20 days they close the incident without any mail and resolution and they want me to check everyday and reopen that in 5 days as per there policy...they are allow to not follow their policy but i need to strictly follow that....also one more similar incident again raised on 12 jun still no response and i should understand
They are Cheap skates. Myntra is owned by few bastard policy makers from the executive body. They will eat up your Myntra credit balance, I lost my 3k from Myntra wallet. And they don't even bother to listen about your complaint. And the quality of items sold is tried n tested to nothing but very poor quality duplicate products from clothes to bags to anything. Quality will go down in just few usages/time. I have totally stopped using Myntra now. Fcuk Myntra and it's team.
wrost app ever.... they start giving first a coupen that give you free delivery and something 50%(699 product in 339that I purchased) off on your first product but l tried this coupen and product reached near by my address and suddenly the order is canclled due to technical/polices issue( customer support reason) but there are a game still pending that you already palaced your first order so now you not be eligible to 50% discount and free delevery they give you other all offer..it's not a fraud
The Worst ...First they deliver a cancelled order and deny to take return of it . Inspite of following up with the query for more than a month
Every second product is just copy of orginal product. Totally frood is running over here very disappoint after purchase of couple of products.
I don't know why but this is the second time I'm facing this issue that I ordered a product and I made the payment as well. But due to some reason I had to cancel the order and I chose to get the refund in my UPI through which I had made the payment. It has been more than 10 days but till now I did not receive the refund. The same thing happened with me a few months back also. I'm very disappointed with myntra for this reason. I'm not even getting any technical support through their website.
The app has removed the "cancel order" option. If we raise a query the app says 'go to orders and cancel' Absolutely pathetic!
There worst thing is their quick service,if it comes quick, the item is already tried by someone else and have a broken box. They also have a really bad return method as it not at all efficient. Tough I have received good products from there, I would prefer AJIO over it any time soon.
Wrost shopping app It deducted my Rupees 431 from Myntra credit. It only says wait for 3 days from last 15 days. And also want the details of gift card that I purchased 1 year ago. Can it is possible? IT IS TOTALLY FRAUD COMPANY. NEVER ADD ANY GIFT CARD.
Very bad experience from past 3 attempts..an item was received broken condition.then my return pickups are done but not yet refunded return exicutive took my return items it crossed 1 week still not refunded I raised complaint 2 times not resolved yet still it shows return failed because of exicutive negligence I received 2 times broker things .still not resolved my problem.is this a way .Plz guyes do carefull while receiving glass items plz don't buy glass related items
Support team is unable to help Or it looks like they don't want to help. It's logistics department is also fooling the customers. As you have placed the order, it totally depends on the wish of the logistic department whether they are willing to deliver it or not. Placed order on 17 May Promised time was 22 May Reached to nearest hub on 22 May Still waiting for it to get delivered. As it's been always said 1st impression is the last impression. And it was a kind of pathetic experience.
Higher prices shown to me while I could get the same items much cheaper from a different account.
This app is not very useful because when you do an invisible search on it, the product you are after is not visible.
Delivered in time and as compared to price product is very good. I am happy with the material.
Awesome products & good service been using since a really long time🫶😊 this app only gets better & better as the time passes.
Delivery update and shipping details sending are very slow. But app are very very good 😊👍
Quality products assured. The delivery is also very quick. Don't have to wait for too many days. Thanks Myntra.
Third class app, third class people and third class service. I had placed a request for my kid shoe exchange due to size issue. The delivery agent came and refused to pickup saying it does not have a brand name. The delivery agent was rude with the female member of house. He would hav got tight slap if I was present. The shoes is still lying at home . Nobody is bothered to look after the issue. Would recommend others to refrain from this moron app. They deserve not a single star. Pathetic
A lot of people would have been trusting Myntra for the fact they cater fast delivering with some good quality stuff, but hold on. Hear to my experience where I placed an order on 6th May and is still struggling to have it delivered. Myntra is just being degraded by time, I would recommend people to not to prefer buying from Myntra anymore They don't even bothers to help you with the solutions, 0 customer care interaction, no phone calls to address, it's a complete waste of time and energy on mu
Worst customer service ever. They attend the call, but could do absolutely nothing to the situation other than apologozing.
Amazing app, I usually go shopping from Myntra. Product quality and price is worth it. Keep it up Myntra team.
Myntra was earlier famous for customer delight but the incident that happened with me a few days ago has shaken my confidence. Even when you buy products that cost more than 4K, they don't attend to your complaints. And when a complaint is raised,they do a mock investigation and close the ticket.This has become a normal for them.
It's so irritating customer service of myntra No direct contact with customer care executive. Also options in chat is limited and after 2-3 options there is just end chat option. Very poor customer service
Might be Good for tier 1 cities, for tier 2 tier 3 cities, but still amazon is 3 times better in delivery speed and return, I'm my hometown amazon provide next day delivery or max 3 days delivery, but myntra takes 10 days to deliver item and most of the times it takes 13 days if delayed, like I live in foreign country, also return takes 3-4 days and gets delayed sometimes and exchange is horrible it will take another 10-15 days while amazon provide exchange in max 2 days... Refunds slow too 3day
Very very bad experience. They cancel my order without asking me and not giving me any reason, I had ordered 2 tops since waiting from 6 -7 day but at the delivery day they cancel it without asking me. ( Such a waste of my time ). Jab apni hi chalani hoti hai to clothes sale hi kyu karte hai
Too much expensive .....Flipkart is better than this...same item same brand but big difference in rate...Flipkart has 850₹earbud but Myntra in 1399₹...I'm uninstall this app .very bad
I always do have a great shopping experience with Myntra new brands new fashions and lots of offers make it more genuine for shopping
Nice quality, perfect size and good look these three parameters are always satisfied from the product of Myntra. Thanks.
I don't know about myntra but the delivery agent of mynta are scammer .... Nd there is no genuine support from myntra help centre is like they took it very casually... The delivery agent picked up one of item for return but he don't mentioned in their app nd scammed nd quality of clothes are not much good.... So people avoid this app.. Meesho is far better than myntra at least they don't cheat.. Thank you..
This app sucks.. They charge Rs. 50 for each return and return gets delayed every time.. Return will not get picked up unless u make 4 calls to them or they frustrate you to keep the product forcefully... Very bad services..
Waste of time delivery guys is very very bad don't order it's fake it's really fake 🚫 where i s my oder don't buy guys I'm going to delete this app I never try again last time also same happen last moment they not delivery
worst app...worst customer support...they dont really solve the problem...just good at talking and thats it....and recently i have been cheated twice ....they send the wrong products and refuse to pick up and refund.....this tym they even removed the price tag on the prouduct which was wrong in size...so i can not return the product....they are getting smart in cheating consumers ...this is no way to do business ..sooon myntra will see its downfall if they continue to do this
Always had a nice experience eith myntra there delivery is Always upto date definitely you should give it a try loved this app best online shopping experience with them
I like this app . I am a regular buyer ....the dresses and other products are awesome and the exchange policy is without any hassel. Thanks Myntra.
What will it take you to stop labeling non-cotton material as cotton? Too many times, filtered by cotton and saw cotton in the description and ended up with cotton blend or polyester.
Easy order and exchange. Better quality products and authentic ratings Have stared seeing an extra convenience fee that the platform is charging despite being an insider customer
Best shopping app in India hands down. Good product, good offers, very good shipping and return process. All the best !!
Awsome!! Must have app it is . You can see lots of option available, easy to access too.
I Love this app I have shopped even roadster t-shirts super comfortable breathable material and also fast delivery and very affordable guys what do you want still come on get hands on Myntra hurry up and grab the sale🤩👍🏻
Thirdclass app Delivery service is too bad, received product with crushed and opened box condition. And in return no customer support provided by customer care staff they said only SORRY.!
Myntra is big cheater app. I cheated in past as well but I don't know why I Am an idiot who reinstalled robbers App. This time again wrong itellm delivered & now I am hearing my head with stone...again loosing my money....but now good bye forever
I am always assured of the Quality. Be it Big Brands or upcoming Brands, Myntra never disappoints. My go to shopping store :) Always!
I like Myntra. It brings sales and so many varieties of trending dresses and their service is also too good.
3rd class customer care service i order one Jean from Myntra for myself but iam facing fitting issue in it after that I want to return this product but they r not accept it without any reason since day Jean is I have I just hate this app never gonna use this app arey bhai when I get my solution.
Provide wrong product and you will get almost duplicate product only don't waste your time and money.
I think Myntra is awesome online platform for buyer bcz he gives lowest price and quality is to good Everything is so easily like return and exchange no more ask questions
Myntra is far more better than any other shopping platforms when it comes to quality of the product.... I like it
The app is just user friendly nothing too complicated and the variety of things that is on store is just amazing
The most third class ecommerce shopping app on the planet. I ordered a blue sneaker and they gave me a kito. And the audacity of then rejecting the return request mentioning that the product didn't pass quality test. When they saw the product that was delivered. Worst shopping app. What do you guys think...... Our money and our time is a matter of joke or what. Stop taking celebs in your stupid ads and concentrate on building a good company and client satisfaction.
User-friendly interface. Very nice app for all your shopping needs
Worst app don't get fooled by them . I placed an order in the offer first the order was delayed it was showing in the nearest huh but still they told me it was delayed after that when I enquired about the delay that told me we will check and inform. And after two days they cancelled my order giving me false reason. Will not recommend this app if needed the service or the fast delivery.
Everything is fine...but somedays Myntra is blurry i mean the picture of products I can't see properly..images are blurred
Myntra is the worst company. They will not deliver the product on time and they will cancel the products without informing to customers , if you raise a complaint also they will not get back to customers. This is the worst app. Don't use the app for ordering any product.
I'm looking for Plum Kajal to purchase, but the expiry date is showing in the app is 17th December 2023. How a reputed app can allow a expired products to show? If the given information is false, then please correct the same so that I can purchase the same
Such a pathetic experience... Where I ordered a product and the product size was tooo long where I wanna return the product from my side .... The account was deactivated and I called three agent's and they said you will get solution in 2days and didn't solved it...where I returned the product from agent side and my refund is didn't settled yet till now it's had been 4 days a wait .. And the agent saying it's not possible to settle your refund because of your account deactivated such a scam
This is the most shoddy,lousy shopping site.. they are the scammers totally. Send fake item than refuse to change . Scammers big big bogus buisness.. return policy is so so so so soooooo poor. Don't shopping again. Worst experience every time. Use Amazon that is far better in everything.
Worst online shopping app.... They have the worst return and exchange policy i have ever seen....and its actually becoz the intend to scam..they send deffective product to coustomer and the put as no exchange only refund....but when you are trying to return you will not get amount of convience fee....even the bank offers you have applied..in my case the product was 3200 including bank discount of 700...while returning they are only refunding 2500....that means I should pay 700 without any rsn
Screen is not loading, only visible some colors not the products, all the application loads but myntra doesn't. Seems like some issue with compatibility on phones poorly designed
The wordt app i ghave ever seen.......dont download it because i had paid through my mobikwik pay later the money has been deducted from my account but order was failed and after contacting their customer care the said that the refund will be initiated within 3 days but today is 7th day and i had still not received any refund the worst app i had ever seen
Quality of the material is excellent. M size will be perfect size for the height between 5.7" to 6
Such worst app Myntra is becoming day by day.. this is the second time happening with me. Recieved used products without MRP TAGS and BRAND NAME. When requested for return the agent was not ready to take. Raised a complaint also. And one more prepaid product is also delayed for delivery without any notice. REFUND MY MONEY... such stupid app Myntra..
I have had a very bad experience with Myntra. I booked an *oversized Ribbed corduory Casual shirt from Here & Now Company* and the dealer is giving a new delivery date every day even though I have already paid them through online service. Still, this facility is being provided. *Very bad experience Myntra☹️☹️.* Thank you very much Myntra and Here & Now for wasting my time. Thank you very much for not delivering the product on time even after taking the money for it.
Pathetic experience Never even going to buy anything from myntra. Reasons below: 1. Got scammed by one of their delivery executives. He picked up the item but didn't marked the it's been returned. Lost item as well loss of money. 2. Worst behavior of delivery executives, without listening anything they start using offensive words 3. I would say never buy anything from myntra. 4.i had enough deleting the account. 5. Worst customer care experience, no resolution provided..
Huge Variety of products but if you are looking for faster return or exchange, look somewhere else......
Do not lose your money. Don't install Myntra. I'm infuriated by myntra's shittiest delivery. Never have I ever received a product on the expected delivery date even if it has received the near delivery hub. I have to get in calls with customer care to ask where the heck is my order. They raise a complaint which is of no use. No escalations. The resolution doesn't come on time. They have no communication with their delivery agents. This is pathetic. Never ordering anything again from Myntra.
I have been using Myntra for the last few years. Good ( not excellent due to delayed delivery) shopping experience due to their user friendly App interface. But now they are charging platform fee which is non refundable if you return the order. Charging extra COD fee like a instagram shopping page. तो myntra वालों जब हम रिटर्न करते है और refund myntra क्रेडिट मे लेते हैं तब हमे interest मिलता है चाहे पैसा kitne दिन भर तुम्हारे mytra wallet मे रहे.
From last 5 years I am enjoying your service. But this year end of reason sale feeling like joke to me 😅 like I have wish listed so many products from last 1 year or more than that, i thought I will buy them on this sale but you have increased the price so high that it really looking like a joke on the name of sale. Please stop promoting your platform by this celebrity you are spending so much on this marketing and advertising that your price is going high and high!!!
This app is really pathetic. I ordered a facewash of lakme in its new version, but they sent me an older one, and when I tried to return or exchange, they declined. I anyhow want a newer version. These all online shopping apps are a fraud.
I have received the Use product not a new one It doesn't have tags also fully dust and not in neet condition. I was connected the customer care and asked for replacement but they offering refund . But the refund is not 100% They are deducting my amount also Worst behaviour of the delivery agent Worst experience with Myntra product and service this time
When I ordered 7size crocks for the first time, they are sent size 8 instead of size 7. Then I cancelled the order and got a refund. When I ordered the same product again, I paid Rs 719 more and was sent size 8 instead of size 7. This is a complete fraud and mental harassment ..i am thinking to file a case against myntra
Good app to get clothes from. Nice designs and material too. One suggestion would be to launch a feature where we can fill our measurements and then the algorithm would suggest us 2 different sizes according to our measurements, them being: little loose fit, and perfect fit. This way we can decide what we want.
Incomplete refund issues. They charge Rs 20 as platform fee, which is never refunded incase, the product is returned, whatever be the reason. Pathetic policy by Myntra. Also their customer support non-existent, onpy available on chat. You simply cannot speak over call which ever option you select on IVR. Will avood Myntra from now on. Better to order from Ajio or other online portals.
We return our product because it was not good as shown in picture, and Myntra credited that amount to Myntra Credit account without our concern. Myntra Credit amount cannot be used to untill we buy something from Myntra itself. If we get back to them They are ending calls without an answer. So dumb employees over there.
Why there is automatic image optimiser button.....it's gives bad experience while shopping..... After doing untick it's again automatic switches original setting....Not good this is.
Worst experience! They are not ready to return the product and the customer care is even worse they are just delaying everything and not even intrested to help. I have seen this kinda app and this kind a customer care. Buy only if you are sure about product because they anyway will trouble you while returning.
I have ordered 4 bangles worth 1755 and returned all of them but received refund for only 2 of them. When I logged complaint they are closing the complaint saying issue resolved multiple times. Worst app. Can't be trusted.
I request myntra to please focus on the packaging seal as it's very easy to open and anyone can take the product and close the seal again... The glue is very easy to take out... Before the packaging was better and secure now it feels like owning from open market.. Please fix the packaging that's my only request
If there would have been an option for 0 star I would have given that to their horrible customer service... first the order gets delayed for 3 days for no reason ..already it took 3 days just to ship that order. The order was just a saree but it was for an interview just imagine when you have planned everything out and they do this I understand that this is uncontrollable but I was ready to pick that up as it was 2 hrs away from my location....for which they were taking 3 days .Cs is worst
I have given excellen5 earlier but now ihav to change it to 2 stars bcz ipurchased a sandal and it doesn't fit, so placed return request and its been more than a week now, no delivery executive has come to pick the return order and I get sms stating pickup failed as they were unable to reach me. They should try to reach in the first place only then they can connect with me right. I hav placed the return request for the secnd time and again its the same message. Very bad service from the ekart.
My 3 order are not yet delivered after delay delivery date and now automatically one of the order is cancelled and the reason is written as . As per ur order it is cancelled. I don't get it what Myntra is doing it is just gonna out of it mind since 3-4 days they are saying the same it will be delivered when but the orginal date is gone the delay delivery date is also gone still it is not delivered. Myntra is just become over hype don't waste ur time in this app because they don't value .
Very very very bad experience....Nowadays Myntra apps have started committing fraud. First they will deliver the product without price and brand tag and then cancel the return.I was a regular customer of Myntra but now I will suggest to everyone that they should give priority to other apps instead of Myntra. So don't buy anything from Myntra.
I am absolutely furious for the service i received. I ordered for an exchange and they did not exchange my order, only showed pending till my exchange window is closed and then informed me. I am stuck with a bad product and cannot return or exchangw anymore. I will never order from myntra again and will recommend everyone else to not. My order cost almost 1500 and now i am stuck with a bad product. Absolute disgrace. I want help regarding this.
1. You cannot click on heart again to remove wishlisted product 2. If i wishlist a few products in the feed, then others after a few rows start showing as wishlisted randomly 3. Platform fees is Rs 20 which is absurd. What other platform you have that is without a fee? 4. Also, even after 20 rupees you are not sending the products on time or of the correct size that is selected. 5. And that Rs 20 is non returnable. Even if it's not your fault and you have return the product.
The latest update is terrible Searching for items is now difficult, and I have to start from scratch each time. This is not the kind of experience anyone expects from Myntra.
"Myntra has revolutionized my shopping experience! From trendy fashion finds to reliable delivery, every purchase feels like a breeze. The diverse range of products and seamless interface keep me coming back for more. Highly recommend!"
They don't show buyers review and their pics. Also, the products that I wishlist gets automatically out of stock, and when they are in stock, it is overpriced from the previous one. Very awful tactics.
I really had a very bad experience, I requested d delivery guy to cancel d order since I was travelling n had network issues, he told he will cancel it, but later when I checked after few days, it's mentioned as delivered in d app. When I reached out to d customer support they told I was suppose to contact within 5 days n they can't do anything now. Will advice people to never place prepaid orders, hopeless customer service, what if dz delivery guy does d same to others, myntra is least bothered
I had ordered for a carlton London slider ...which was wrongly marked as delivered on 16th February ...from then on I have made several calls and raised this issue ..but alas all they could do is to ask me to wait , sometime for 2 days, sometime for 24hours and everytime I got notification that my issue has been resolved when it was not. Why being an Elite Insider i have to go through this harrasment? Unfortunately I have to report this consumer forum. Really Disappointing.👎🏽👎🏽
Myntra appears to be engaging in a new fraudulent practice involving gift cards sold at a significantly discounted price. Customers are attracted by the offer and purchase the gift cards to buy products from Myntra. However, Myntra fails to deliver the purchased products, leading customers to file numerous complaints. Eventually, Myntra refunds the amount, but only in the form of Myntra credit. When customers use the credit to make new orders, the same scenario repeats: products are not delivere
Day by Day the service getting worse. Now they are charging convenience charge of 10/-. Received to parcel one on 2nd June where one of the item was missing. Got refunded. But is refund the real solution? Received another parcel on 4th June where deodorant cap was missing. Contact customer care they initiated return. But they dont refund the convenience fees. If you again place the same order again they will charge 10/-. Although theMistake is from your side also still you r charging. 👎
Very bad experience. The delivery person just through the product without any information. It happened many times and once I lost my product.
I am extremely frustrated and disappointed with the lack of resolution regarding my issue with Myntra Credit. Despite multiple attempts to address this matter, it remains unresolved, and the level of service provided has been completely unacceptable. No is interested to resolve the issue.
Good app for shopping. However, certain things can be improved. For example, why place the order even when payment failed. Isn't a better practice to first ask the user if they want to place the order with pay later option even though the online payment failed, instead of directly placing the order with pay later option ? Any way to opt out from this feature?
It is very bad marketing app...I returned a product and wished to refund as the return or refund options was available but it does not work...... what it's products show is the defferent in reality.... colour or quality....so I deleted my account from this cheater type marketing app forever...... I never come back into this app....
Some time ago myntra was awesome, but now this app only and only shows me out of stock items. I am pissed off.
Guy's don't use this app... products are not delivered but this application is showing that the product is already delivered to customer.... I use to complain to customer care regarding this issue but *Myntra* is not able to solve my problem.... सबसे बेकार application है ये ...पहली बार इस्तेमाल किया ....but experience is too 😔 bad I hated it 😡😡😡😡😡😡🤬🤬🤬🤬🤬
Shopping with Myntra is always awesome but sometime delivered wrong products..pls take away wrong product and refund my money..
Very bad because now costumer have no option to change the return address and the price of product is very high right now 😞
Made a order in bad quality images itself through this app. And then looking for more products to shop and then just tried going to setting and disabling image optimization. Noticed it turns on automatically maybe by assuming I have less wifi range or speed, I have no problem to access high quality hd content over the web for videos or shopping, but your app thinks my network is not good or what? Why is it automatically turning on image optimization without ever disabling it? So pissed and angry
Very easy to use and great offers with brands make it very attractive to shop.
I would have rated this app as zero..my concern not resolved n still closed from the customer care center. I have mailed at the given id. Please help
Good app for clothes , the product's are trustworthy and also if you don't like the product the return policy is perfect
Worst experience of using this app..first of all no customer support the ph num given on app is always come invalid..and if you return any product which their seller send wrong you will not get any full amount....they will deduct money..and none is there to help you..I have uninstalled it now After 1 year I have again and downloaded this app and made purchases...issue are the same no after sale dealing in this be aware
Been facing a technical issue since 1 month still no rectification... This is insane...
I'm extremely disappointed with my recent experience with Myntra.I received a defective product a t-shirt with no tags and discoloration near the shoulder area.Despite my repeated efforts to resolve the issue,the customer service team was unhelpful and declined my claim.The product was delivered in a sealed package, but that's no excuse for the poor quality.this experience has left a sour taste.The customer service team seems to be more interested in following procedures than resolving cstmr isu
Very good experience. I have been purchasing product from Myntra since 2012. M happy with all the products
Great quality product range at very fantastic price. One of the best app experience
Wonderful shopping experience. Easy to use app. Excellent delivery and other services
I must say do shopping from Myntra blindly. No doubt in stuff, exchange easily, return easily, timely delivery. I m biggest fan
Why upi option in not working on myntra? There's no box to put upi ID under upi option on myntra. I'm unable to purchase. Please look into the matter.
I didn't receive on time delivery couple of times. I have very disappointed with Myntra delivery.
myntra app doesnt show order details worst app...send me wrong item and now i can't return that product...worst app ever seen
Totally disappointing. Tracking and courier delivery its too late. No anyone help about this don't buy
U can but products blindy ..best app for branded products with video range of variety and delivery on time
Worst shopping experience In Myntra. Twice in one month Received wrong products which does not match the description and horrible customer service
Well everyone said me like that myntra is the best online shopping app but according to me this is the worst online shopping app... beacause today only I ordered one dress the amount has been debited from my account but in order section it's showing like that YOU HAVEN'T PLACED ANY ORDER .... I called my bank account agency they told it's the problem of myntra app .... So my question is when is going to refund my money ???
Please start international shipping to Dubai!! I love buying from myntra but I have to wait until someone is visiting from India to bring me items 😪😪😪
It's easy to shop & it has awesome offers... especially for Rakhi....very beautiful and affordable rakhis.
Best quality and ordered always delivered on time. Happy with Myntra as compared to Flipkart and Amazon.
It's good, it makes hair so smooth and it stays for more than 1week
Myntra is very good app for shopping, No problem in refund, there is also many collections.
Please fix the order page yesterday or today I open the order page it's showing nothing how it's possible.. otherwise when order come I directly cancel that order
Myntra is Just a perfect app for fashion enthusiasts...and every product is perfect and professionally certified ❣️
Very good for online shopping.best experience with order delivery and return or exchange.best quality ever with reasonable prices.
So if order reached the location and we ask to deliver it on a specific date u can't, but u can delay the order from the delivery date? Justice flew away...how dare u to deliver my order late..? When u can't deliver earlier at least don't deliver late also..
It was the best app for shopping and fast delivery, returns and refund, I was very happy with Myntra
Placing order process is very easy...and it has amazing offers also...I love this app😁
Love myntra fashion, an amazing app for middle class people like me, great genuine quality product, an affordable price to buy.
Good ,ekart is also good ,but my second item you sent through delhivery and they not delivered yet although they crossd there 4 days already ,you should not choose delivery courier, I am going to cancel my trolly bag because delivery boy not picking my call or he didn't call men yet although my package had arrived at sriperambudur on 5 August.today 8th is last not pickup the call. I am very disappointed. Not choose delhivery courier
I had my order struck for 20 days and no update was there and order was cancelled by myntra itself .Very bad experience with mytra and not suggested from my side.
Products are so good and price is also good according to the product. Myntra never disappointed me.
Best one... The quality the provide is unbeatable.. trustworthy, too notch quality.
Myntra has good quality of every item that's why we choose from them and we get quality products.
Good quality products, amazing collection available, very happy to be the part of myntra shopping
Myntra products packaging is best and exchange orders are also don't take time confirm products are awesome 😎
Too much issue in placing order with gold pass. My order didn't get placed but paymet got debited . Product also out of stock now😣😣. Where is my money ?
I Really enjoying my Shopping@ Myntra , trendy, up dated collections, reasonable prices, easy returns
Excellent app... service fast.... delivery on before time....I am so happy with their services
Using this app from past 10+ years and it's getting better year on year. Excellent 👌
Recently I had received a used product and I request to Myntra for return and refund but still my order is not pickup yet there customer support said the delivery agent come same day for pickup but I was waiting for the partner last 6 days. When he will come for pickup how long should I wait.
Myntra is a very good shopping plateform where anyone can buy any of your needs according to your budget
Very disappointed with Myntra ,My parcel was not delivered and it still shows delivered on the App,when I reached customer care they did not respond to my complaint and did not proceed my refund.
I love Myntra because I found myself perfect clothes and other accessories as well but sometimes it takes too much days to delivered any items...
Good products with good quality, but can improve on reducing the delivery time.
The app's appeal lies in its numerous coupons that lower the price of products, but the platform fee is a major inconvenience.
Still need to add more and Latest styles , but as of now Myntra is providing quality products with reasonable prices.
Fast delivery... Big number of brands and good quality of materials.. good service and payment options. Thank you Myntra
They kept name sake express delivery but never deliver the product on time.
Easy access and best price, quality products and super fast delivery
It's always great shopping with Myntra... Quality products at best prices!
Because of this app it is easy to shopping from home and it will be give best proudest with top quality from top most brands
Worst app for shopping i have ever. My order is delayed for no reason and not just that when i called in customer service they are giving me illogical reasons. And my order is not delivered yet . 1. Worst app for shopping 2- worst customer support 3- order delayed for no reason 4- customer care executive doesn't answer on chat they left the chat when you asking them proper valid question. I would suggest everyone do not download this app ..
The process was very smooth as we order it almost took 1 day to deliver the product and the quality is good compared to another e commerce store.
Extremely streamlined & smooth buying experience. Product quality is excellent
Very nice shopping aap but when you receive different colour or product they take so long time for rise your problem
The worst experience.I ordered trolley bag set when in offer.They assured delivery and after 10 days cancelled the order.
I paid through PhonePe UPI to avail the assured cashback offer and got nothing. On calling Myntra customer care they asked me to contact PhonePe. On calling PhonePe customer care, they said there is no such offer. Don't cheat your users !
The clothes that i have ordered from myntra are just fabulous.Delivery and packaging were also nice 👍😊
Four stars just because the app takes time to load items and I have limited time
I ordered one palazzo pants from Myntra and received different product from different band and the quality is also bery cheap and poor after complaining they are saying that my issue will be resolved and it's been 4 days and they didn't do anything such a waste of money
Really bad service compared to amazon n flipkart. Cancells our orders by themselves and holds the paymemt for 7 days
Bad experience again and again I have tried 02 to 03 times . myntra delivery people also very special and they have all the way came for great Britain and won't able to find Indian addresses on main road in Bangalore central . nobody listen in customer care . ordered a product mrp 4190/- after discount 2095/ got the product of mrp 1490/- 2nd time facing same problem in 06 months . earlier order I did not complain but now it's too much Myntra ....Bad Bad Bad
All products are trustworthy and quality is also good..must go for it
Unbelievable collection of brand one can find all the desirable stuff here .
one of the bad experience in Myntra not solve problem bad service customer communication in worst now uninstall the app never yes my life 🤬
poor website, just took money 2 times stating failure and bank says both times transaction has gone through
Best app for shopping 🛍️ from discount to quality of the product everything is top notch ❤️
Top quality with affordable price. I loved it .it's stylish
Very useful app. Fast delivery. Good product. High quality product
Smooth browsing experience. Good suggestions based on history of purchase.
Best quality,reasonable prices i'm purchased this item 2nd time after 2years thanks to myntra.
It's a worst app in online product compare to Amazon Flipkart it's very worst service please don't purchase this app please
Fast delivery,good quality and branded products in affordable prices and easily returnable satisfied 👍
A seamless mobile application which ticks all the boxes to be the yardstick for others.
Everything is good except delivery time, pls provide fast delivery services.
Myntra app is a very bad app, low quality product is available at high price on this app, please don't buy anything from this app
Very good experience with exchange and return policy and very good brand collection
When you don't have all the sizes available then why you showing it on your apps?? Just remove the clothes
Horrible Horrible. Their quality of service has seriously fallen. Customer care is in the saddest zone now. Have made multiple calls and thousands of times explained them the situation still no resolution. They just keep on apologizing. I want to say this myntra has taken up many famous celebrity faces for pr, but their service has gone from being the best to being the worst. Shame on you. Hopefully, I will never use Myntra again.
I use to love ordering clothes from this app, but recently (since Dec2023) they are cancelling my orders for reasons known to Myntra only. The customer care did tried to console by offering the Sorry Coupons, but to use them I have to order Again..... And the cycle will continue....... PS: order cancelled on 30.03.2024
Very good. All you get at one place. Cloth material is excellet.
I love this myntra app.exllent quality, thrilling experience this app. Thanks to myntra.
always get wrong product, hope will be getting a right product ann a right color
Lots of products with Huge discount 😜 on every brands product. As well many offers day's
Truly delight to do shopping in this app..easy to use..all filter bang on.. Full tooo user friendly
Myntra is my favourite for shopping variety of dresses, return and refund policies are customer friendly.
Excellent products at Excellent prices and great experience with the app
It's good , it delivers clothes fast and quality is amazing.
Easy to handle and great quality with low cost and worthy
Bad delivery System. Can cancel of customer a long wait by self . Don't trust there delivery System.
Varied options...good offers and lots of discounts..MY all time fav
App is really good i shop all from myntra but works really slow kindly upgrade the app you need it
Very nice and Excellent online shopping app it's very reasonable price's and products simply superb
My Experience is very bad . I would like to rate 0/5 . If you think purchase anything from it then plz be carefull bcz return krne me issue hota hai..and Myntra customer care wale bhi sunte ni h na hi help krte h . So I recommend don't use this app for shopping . You can trust on ajio app instead this app...I had order Allen Solly bag from this app an I recieved that bag .but on the app they mentioned not deliever . Jiski vjh se vaha return option ni available h to vo return bhi nahi ho rha .
Excellent No more words about myntra...is always good and branded items only in Myntra... Love 💓 u forever and ever nd never Myntra
Worst app. Myntra delivered multiple time wrong defective products nd not rutrn availlable on this site pls don't shop with this app. Waste of money. Nd delivered most of time wrong defective fake products. Pls aware.
Worst customer care service amongst all e-commerce platforms. They don't get back to the complaint posted and takes a week to 10 days to replace or exchange a product
Myntra is best shopping app for all age group. I am so Happy with Myntra. Thanku Myntra
the good platform to buying online exclusive deals, and offers and genuine products..
Verry fast response for cancellation and refund amount and design collection was very good I like this app 🥰
Best option available for affordable luxury outfits and etc.
Very bad app, I ordered the product but delivery was too delay.
The product is good. I liked the look , color as well as material
I always prefer buying clothes and makeup from Myntra....they have quality stuff
Top quality in less time & affordable price, Thanks
Deliver quality products on time Easy to use and trusted platform
Love this app. Latest fashion available at cheap price.Thumbs up.
Must try - just awesome 😎😍 Beautiful reward and awesome coupon code 🥰for buy at low price 🤭
everything is good but the platform fee is not justified to pay . alo the cod charges
I like myntra app. Very nice products and very reasonable prices.Thanks myntra
Myntra has good variety of choices and love the quality too.
Quality of material and style and pattern is excellent on Myntra.
Express delivery.....good quality products. Please do... follow the same...
What was the purpose of the Ad with extra long. Saree why do you make fun of what we bwlieve in? Uninstalling the myntra app.
I'm fully satisfied with everything like product quality, packaging, delivery.
Satisfying products fabric is comfortable nd same as it is which is shown in picture 👍😊
this app is very nice it delivers such products which gives us satisfection and happiness I always like to order from this aap ...love u myntra
Super🤩fast delivery and original product and best offers so go for it it tooooo good
This is the best aap for shopping .style exchageing mode is completely exceptional
Myntra very faltu app.It not deliver product on time.Please deliver products on time it's my humble request to myntra's delivery partners.
Too good Very convenient to the user All reuturn and exchange policies are just amazing
This app is very good 👍 and always for the best prices and best deals 👌
Really bed expires and product all also very bad quality I'm really disponted
I noticed in Myntra for a recent purchase that MRP for the item (as clearly written on the tag) is Rs 399. But Myntra is charging more for it. This is not only misleading, but also unethical. MRP stands for "maximum retail price" and Myntra, under the garb of giving discounts, charges even more than MRP. Moreover, when I posted this as a review on the product, they did not approve it. So there is no transparency. If you post a negative review, they will not accept it. Careful of the fraud.
One of the most reliable online shopping store ever!
Great deal of variety and authentic products from original brands : )
i love to shop from myntra...many things i already took more dresses they have good quality clothes & reasonable prices & jewellery too afforadable & Good quality & also guarantee products i blindly trust on myntra thank you so much to give huge discount most of the time....i really really thankful & hope too...in future aise hi humesha aaplog discount & offer banaye rakhna...or hume aise hi happy rakhna & i want to tell you guys plz you also go & check it out ' giving you huge discount evertime
Very bad communication....delivery boy also know how to behave to customers... Costumer care number all so woking.
Worst delivery experience ever. This was my first time and I am never gonna buy again.
I liked the products on platform and it's mexpress delivery is superrb.
I thought that Myntra doesn't deliver at village area but it does very satisfied awesome 👏
My experience with Myntra has always been a remarkable one.Very quick service.
Useless app after ordering and paying too it doesn't show to my order section.
It is soo good time on delivery and the service of company is very fast
one of the best sites for shopping for special clothing 👑
My always go to place for all my needs. Products are packed properly and delivered on time.
Thanks for amazing product Myntra, i like your fast service and good product
Very good product....we like it.... Highly recommend this product.. ..
Worst app I returned the product but they didn't gave me refund instead of they are telling I didn't return their product
Myntra is always super good...best quality products in moderate pricing
Very nice but price is very much otherwise delivery service is nice 🙂
Had a bad experience with costumer care service.. my order got cancelled and i did not get me refund on time i have to constantly upload my account details for a month and still no response.. tell me where should i complaint now?
Excellent experience. Never had any issues with anything.
Why doesn't it arrive soon after it is out of stock? Bring it soon. Will it arrive when the festival is over? It has been a month and it has not yet arrived in stock.
Highly recommended as it provides good quality at an affordable price.
Great offers, latest style items, value for money.
Great offers . Offordable price. Brand guarantee. Quality product . go for it
Always had a good experience with myntra..all time shopping stop
I love shopping on this app New stuff and quality products and easy to exchange and return
Smooth, clear and nice shopping online experience
Very glitchy. Reaching customer support is a hassle at another level.
Perfect app for good quality clothing and trusted accessories
Recently the app has not being loading at all. All I get is a blank page. Doesn't work even on switching networks so the issue is not from my side. Please fix this.
Myntra is the best online Shop site in every angle.All product Quality is awesome, genuine products, wonderful customer care support, easily returns with quickly refund, but Shipping charges of rs. 20rs is high. Otherwise everything is perfect.Highly recommend for shopping.
For Every single thing Myntra needs a minimum 7 days, first you tracked 7 days for the item not to be delivered, now when I asked for cancellation then also you need 7 days, what a great customer service in this digital Era, you need to work alot on customer service, Amazon is far better than Myntra, I will not order anything from you now onwards, you can't track a delivery in 7 days? Pathetic . I was an old customer but good Bye..no more orders from Myntra.
Most worst app, on May 17th I ordered prestige Cooker at deal price 210 rs via phn pay and money deducted order shown delivered by May 29 but when I came back it's not showing order. Just they are thinking public as fools. I never trust this type of apps. Please be careful while ordering in this app particularly when they provide discount on any product. If zero stars have play store, I will give this app .
Not good, i stopped shopping for Myntra, It asks for Shipping charge which is 79rs that i have never seen in any other platform as high as Myntra, Then it ask for Platform fees of 20rs and again it asks for COD charge of 10rs WHICH IN TOTAL BECOME 110rs extra. Before i used to buy from Myntra but not anymore instead i use Other Apps like Ajio, Nyka men etc
Worst kind of experience. Won't recommend for shopping , your order might get delayed,there delivery executive is wrongly marking that customer is not available during delivery. I was actively looking for that order for marriage. Customer support is sucks they are not able to provide the proper resolution.
Myntra has been so irresponsible with their customer service, I recently received an order was attempting to return it but it showed that I never received my order and hence I wasn't able to request return when I tried connecting to their customer service they were horrible.
It's complete useless app if you couldn't provide the order to the given adress u should have mentioned it at the tym of order but you ppl exactly cancelled the order at the arrival date . I have faced the same problem 3 times
The worst Shopping app i have ever seen. Order placed, dispatch and arrive at my place and suddenly got cancelled due to unforeseen circumstances. Not 1-2 times, every time. Customer care even more worst. Cancelled all my upcoming orders and now uninstalling this app.
myntra is a good app , but everytime I ordered something, they cancelled them without any notification, dear myntra please notify us if you can't deliver on our delivery place ( we'll change it before ordering ) , don't give us hope , if you can't fulfill it . 🥺
The app was just fine. I don't know why they had to update it to 'myntra fwd' now it's so damn difficult to search for anything. It's giving a pathetic user experience. I wish I had not updated the app..please go back to the original app!!!
This app is fraud .. ordered a louis phillipe shirt .. didnt like the product quality .. so i asked for return .. but they asked to selfship the return as they didnt had pickup return for the address .. but afterwards they didnt refund the amount & claiming they havnt recieved the product .. When u people dnt have the return pickup for a location then u shouldnot also ship the order to that address & afterwards u kept saying that the returned product is undergoing quality check for 2 weeks .
Worst customer support, first my order got very delayed, then I am contacting their customer support for 3 days straight and to no resolution. They just repeat the same things, that please wait some time etc. How much time should I suppose to wait. They just don't know anything about your order's whereabouts or when it will be delivered, What is happening with your order. Worst customer care service I have seen till date. Even very small companies have better customer support than them.
Myntra given me damage product I pay full amount of item but I received damage product please exchange fresh produce and provide upload photos option to share damage product Already invoice and product photos uploaded at Myntra official mail id no any response for Myntra
In conclusion, the Myntra app sets the gold standard for online fashion shopping. With its extensive selection, intuitive interface, personalized recommendations, and unbeatable convenience, Myntra ensures that every shopping experience is not just enjoyable but truly exceptional. Download the Myntra app today and elevate your fashion game effortlessly!
Pathetic app ... Especially when it comes to processing the refunds. On app it will show refund processed successfully then even after 2 weeks when you ask where is it .. their consumer care representative will give wrong information then they apologize and then they again ask for some more time to resolve the issue.
Worst service ever! I ordered a dress for my niece on 4th of april, to which myntra showed a expected delivery dat of 19th april. They had 15 days to arrange the item and deliver and all they did was cancelling the order on 21st april. Truly unprofessional. Now they wont even take on service centre regarding this. 1 star seem unfair, it should have been zero.
DO NOT BUY. MYNTRA IS A FRAUDULENT COMPANY. They took my money and didn't delivered the order. Poor support, closed my ticket 2 times.
Highly disappointing experience with Myntra Return service. The delivery person picked up my product yet my order status was marked as "Pickup Failed". As a result, I have received no refund for my purchase. Even Myntra's Customer Support has not processed my complaint after repeated mails and calls for the last 10 days! Did not expect such service from Myntra. Update as per 28.03.2024: Issue has been resolved. Thank you Myntra Customer Care.
Timely deliveries and no issues in exchange or return. Great quality products.
It is such a horrible experience shopping on myantra i ordered 2 products and when i received my parcel it had only 1 item in it other one was completely missing and after i complaint about it.they just completely ignored my complaint and said we can't do anything about it.i was cheated so i make sure to never ever shop from myantra again
Login without OTP is not allowed. I don't want to recharge my number. Send atleast on email
They have very good products but their service is awful..I placed order in a sale and they didn't deliver it for 20 days .when complained they couldn't resolve the issue for 10 days and then cancelled the products..worst service ever
Favorite and go to shopping app for everyone but Try and buy offer should be valid on atleast footwear. Also since delivery has moved TO E kart return, exchange everything is delayed. Myntra is loosing it's charms!
Myntra is really awesome Online Shopping.. quality wise I always liked it much much..size also perfect
I had ordered kosh gotta patti work suit set in blue colour and I wanted to return this item because of fitting issues...I had called the customer care for the change of address for the return so many times...but they are constantly guiding me to cancel the return and later contact them for the address update...I have followed their instructions with no avail.......still my parcel has not got returned and I have not got any resolution from myntra....myntra's customers service is pathetic
One stop for all kind of shopping for whole family and very exclusive collection
Stopping use of your app for Enshittification (Patform fee) Thank you for encouraging Physical shopping!
I have placed an order but the delivery is getting delayed or order not shipped Myntra help is useless Myntra can't provide customers support, Myntra provide bot for chat but you can't type your issue,😡 other platforms like nayka Amazon flipkart better support than Myntra and i faced same issues with another orders worst platform they can't support and solve our issue.,😠
Shopping is good. But packaging is very worst. Needs improvement in packing the goods . Especially clothes
Best app/platform to shop online. I always prefer Myntra to shop as it has awesome user app interface and have great deals on items. Easy return/ exchange and faster refund. Overall great experience..
I recently ordered a white shirt from Myntra, but what I received was a torn and used piece of cloth. When I registered a complaint, Myntra's response was that the product met their quality parameters. After multiple complaints, I was told the same thing, with no resolution in sight. This experience has been extremely frustrating and feels like a scam. As a customer, why should I bear the cost of such inefficiency and lack of accountability? Very disappointed with Myntra's service.
As they are getting more customers they are started imposing some kind of platform fee, convenience fee etc etc During starting phase these were not there, but they should think about another option for money making, if I am getting same product in retail after adding these all EXTRA COSTS, why I will buy from Myntr THINK ON IT MYNTRA.
Everything about Myntra is perfect except that the chat bot is useless . If I want to speak with someone over the call i would have done that in the first go when ever u want to chat u will always find them busy u can try in the morning first thing or night which is way tooo bad.
They just send you this message and still don't reply to the e-mails.The worst app to order from. They send you broken products , different products, wrong sizes and then won't accept the returns. No customer support at all.
They delete the discount on the discount coupon when giving the offer. For example, if you buy items above 1024 rupees, the discount is 350 rupees. When starting to offer. Then if you buy an item worth 1024 rupees, it is 250 rupees discount। Please fix the problem
I ordered a powerlook tshirt and it wasn't delivered on time so I wrote a review and Play Store gave me an email to write my complaint and I didn't got any response from them, and then I cancelled that order 2 days ago and Its been showing cancellation in process, it's been 2 days and haven't got refund. I need my money back
One of my fav app. Awesome products and superb customer care.
I won't buy from this platform anymore. Material mostly is not good quality. Bags i ordered are not the same as in the picture. Baggit to be exact. When I wrote a review with one star they disapproved to publish it. So I'm writing here. I felt how contrary the experience that I got that is so different from the ads I see. 😏 Bye bye Myntra
Every time I shop, I love this app more n more. Easy to shop, easy to return and super easy to exchange. And when I talk about the product and style, it's fabulous.
Ordered a few items and after 3-4 days app login failed a multiple times and the ordered items automatically cancelled too. As a new user my experience was a full time bad ☹️
Product delivered 15 days before. Still status on app is undelivered. Cannot exchange my order. Customer support asks for 48 hrs but no update after waiting. Disappointed. Receiving Arriving today and undelivered messages everyday. Really frustrating
I loved this app as well as shopping until it's last upgrade. I am still not able to understand the websitelike outlook instilled into this app recently which keeps cracking for no reason. There are no to the point tracking details of the orders are available...orders get cancelled on their own without any intimation and reason and there are so many things that cant be jotted down to describe why it has made online shopping a task for me since this upgrade.
My recent experience with Myntra has been a nightmare of delayed deliveries and unresponsive customer support. Their focus seems entirely on taking your money with zero attention to actually fulfilling orders on time. When I followed up, all I received were empty apologies and requests to "wait until day's end" (no exact time given!). Worse, every time I try to get clarity, they hide behind "company policies". This isn't the Myntra I used to know. Avoid shopping with them they don't value client
This myntra won't deserve for 1star also worst app for tracking, product lost. I don't know when this Myntra service and tracking will change and before packing also they see or not all products there correctly before shipping.
I have a ordered a Mango v neck cardigan, on the day I received after paying up I open it and see my order, the product I got was not the same as I expected it to be, as if the product I received was literally like it was used by someone and the colour was also faded and there was lots of Buble on it and not even That I didn't get tag on it . At first it was showing it was returnable but after receiving they are saying it's not refundable
Since last a year n a half, I am facing major issues related to return/exchane of the products. Moreover I have call a numerous times to get the issues fixed. Really disappointing. Never ever going to shop on Myntra
Very nice app I am ordering some order he applied to my orders on coupon
Avoid to purchase anything from myntra or go for cash on delivery service Because their return policy is very very poor. I initiated return for one of my product 20 min after receiving it yet they declined return with the reason that it didn't pass quality check although all tag nd dress was intact fully. I call to reach costomer care thnx there also they declined my return now I tried 3rd time for the return let's see what will happen. Don't use myntra for clothes better buy from local market
Worst fashion app....Just looters all there..no variety nothing plus the people some mishap thing called loop tag...first off all, they'll not be placing it in your package and by chance if you try to return, that useless thing will not be present there and your return will be cancelled....such a stupidity thing...such a stupid app such a stupid service....I asked for video proof of packaging but now they are denying....plz guys there are lots of other fashion apps too...switch to them..
Worst service ever never gonna use from now and recommend anyone to use return policy is worst there's no mention that platform fee and delivery charges is non refundable and after return they not even refund that charges and when call customer service they say we can't do anything abt it it's our policy etc bad service and app
Thier customer care service and complaint solution procedure is very pathetic. I have ordered some products and there had to be delivered by 10 March 2024 but haven't delivered yet (21 March) . I have reached out to their customer care and help centre almost 10 times but no response from there. Every time they just say we will resolve the issue in 24 hrs , but they couldn't do anything.
The Best Online shopping App ever of India. Great products, easy and so fast returns/exchange. No question full refunds instantly. So many Options of products varieties. Amazing app. Myntra is the best.
I order a product from "the earth store" and delivered before delivery date and I want to replace the item but in orders page it's been showing "in-transit", now what can I do,I contact customer support but the worst thing is,it's a computerized call,now how can I replace? When I will get the money back? and I again need to pay for replace item? And so many questions are running in my mind,will u people fix it
Worst ever service provided. Followed up on a order for more than a week and still these guys cancelled it. Pathetic experience with the customer service guys. Also on top of that they are charging platform fee as if we are here to pay them charity. Avoid using this app and choose a better genuine alternative
I love this app so much!! It is so much better than its competitors. I usually don't order online because some sites sell counterfeit products but Myntra does a great job! Great app and great customer service. It is literally the besttt shopping app. Cheers to the team of Myntra. Love it so much xoxoxo
Honestly don't use myntra it is a worst app I have ever used. Still you want to use then go for cash on delivery rather than upi because there delivery services is very poor and you will not get your money refunded if order doesn't reach to you .They just keep saying your refund is initiated but don't give it back to you 🫡
I have ordered the items. But didn't deliver the items ,in tracking details delivery was cancelled, Any delivery person didn't contact me and I re attempted the delivery but also didn't get my order, in chat bot not showing to cancel order, paid amount also not returning , such a worest app , worest delivery..
Worst app... I have ordered a sangaria suit.. they delivered me wrong product.. I requested for exchange.. after 2 times of investigation they cancelled my exchange request as they deliver me right product.. although I am a insider customer.. worst customer service worst app
The worst app ever in the history of shopping apps. Ordered a pair of footwear from the store and was delivered a wrong size. When asked for an exchange, they could not deliver the product in time. It's been more than 15 days now, neither have they delivered the product, nor are they initiating a refund! Imagine! Kept the money as well as the product! Scammers! Every time I call the customer service agents, they keep asking me to wait for 48 hours!
Very bad experience. I bought a dress from Myntra for the first time. But they have me a shirt instead of dress. It's been 6-7 days I have request to return. But the delivery man denied to take the parcel even twice. I don't even know the reason of him denying to take parcel. Myntra help me in my return and refund my money.
Very bad experience with delivery of goods..! I have ordered earbuds 2 times which was newly launched and was in demand but it failed to deliver such buds after delayed dates too and that happened both the times with me..; So that i ordered other buds from flipkart it took only 3 days to deliver...<3 Whether myntra's normal delivery expected date is around after a full week, which is not accurate even in my case it was completely wrong__. I prefer don't buy from myntra even if best discount.
I was in love with Myntra but the their behaviour is getting worse...so disappointing. I ordered a ankle length leggings but received 3 vests... What's this?!what will I do with these!!!!..and when I requested an exchange for the wrong product the delivery boy said this is not the same product and denied to deliver the exchange the product. So disappointing. You should build the open box delivery for all product. Must.
Amazon is far better than Myntra.. Myntra charges extra delivery ammount over 500 rs products.. Myntra' s delivery is too poor.. I will not reffer any others to myntra.... In myntra, a polo tshirt s price is 395/- & Amazon selling the same brand, same product in rs 318/- .... Why????? This is totally unexpected from myntra... Shame on you myntra.
They really do a business. Myntra is very bad app because it only works for withdrawal. The platform charges ,cash on delivery charges which are non-refundable. I have a very bad experience because they delayed the order right around my birthday and cancelled it soon after. They also don't have fastest delivery order option available. Customer care service is not good because they don't do anything help just keep saying sorry sorry. Very bad app. I may suggest you to go for Amazon and any app.
Worst experience m having with any app. When you return your order Myntra gives you option for myntra credit instead of transfer to your original payment methods and then blocks your account. They simply took your money and don't return it back. You will get one line answer from customer care, sorry sir we can't help. You will atlast leave you money in their hands. Looke like a fraud. You can also watch video regarding myntra credit on youtube.
Unable to see my complaint under recent queries in help centre. I have raised a complaint on 13th April, 2024 and it is still not resolved. Everytime I call they request for 24 or 48 hours. This is very unprofessional. All.the details of the product are shared but still there is no progress. Very disappointed with Myntra.
Worst experience with Myntra They didn't refund your money at all . It's been a month and my refund is still stuck , whenever I talk to any representative they say to wait 48 hours that's it they never provide any solution at all and give excuses everytime . I will not recommend to buy anything from Myntra to anyone. Worst experience
Myntra has become very unusable now. I have been using myntra for quite sone times but now I can not order from the app. Whenever there is a sale, Myntra stops delivery to my pincode. How to order in such a situation? And when i asked about it there was not a satisfied answer for it.
Sale is just for misleading customer. Never going to shop again. They are giving wrong product and not returning it, saying it's not according to their quality check up. How would it pass your quality check up if it's wrong product. I'm never going to use Myntra. Showing cheap products at high price. If you order high price product they will give you wrong order and then won't even refund it.
Their customer care service sucks. till you receive a good item you are ok. But If you receive a damage item then there is no option to contact and speak to a customer care executive directly. They have a useless ivr service which gets you to no where.
I'm sorry, but your service is terrible. I received a package with one item missing. And you guys refuse to accept the mistake. You refuse to send me a product that I paid good money for. Completely decline my request without checking anything, and sending the same scripted emails over and over again. This is just terrible service. You have lost a customer on their very first order. Not one resolution was provided for a mistake on your end. Even after the case being escalated, nothing was done.
Bought 100s of items on Myntra in past few years. I always liked the usability of app and their easy returns policy. Now they are putting returns on hold for no reason or no fault on our end, they are rejecting returns and reshipping items back to us, doesnt matter that they shipped defective items or without tags, they only want to do quality checks on returns, not on shipped products! Sad to see a brand fall to such low standards!
Asks for too intrusive permissions. Possible spyware. This app asks for access to contact and photos on phone, why? I stopped this app from running at startup, but somehow it always finds a way to re-enable itself to run at startup on the phone. Too many notifications. I will buy a product if I want to buy. Pushing ads and "deals" is not helpful, rather irritating.
No contact made from the delivery agent and the order has been marked as refused. Happened twice by now. This is how mega sales are handled. Once you put an item in the cart and dont buy it right away the price increases the next time you check. The sale prices are actually higher than the normal day prices. Last 5 items I received were without tags and looked like they had been worn throughly and repacked. This is the final nail in the coffin. And I am not being refunded for it! Thievery!
Prices are generally not true. It all depends on the sale, if discount is more, then MRP is increased. Have seen this too many times. Delivery time is also poor, packages stay in same location/delivery centers for days. App is good to use, probably the best around, photoshoots of the attire gives very good description of what item is going to look like. Coice of color schemes in UI is also good. App is pretty responsive and simple to use. All in all, app is good, everything else is poor
User interface is good. but They show good variety with higher price without any reviews at all. Thats why 2 stars. Also their delivery charges are high. of course they will show offers with free shipping. but they have minimum purchase type of terms. and at the same time many shopping portals offer free shipping with no minimum purchase conditions or at lesser minimum purchase condition. So myntra is good for searchibg products. then compare the price and order from better ones. lol..
Currently due to COVID situation, your services are not as good as earlier. Its the third time I had bad experience with you. I ordered an item...and that was lost...but there was not update in system....after reporting the issue....item was marked cancelled and after that it was out of stock....that has happened with me 2 times. Also I have returned one item....but I didn't receive full refund of it. Really it was a very bad experience with Myntra.
Their inventory doesn't reflect a real-time inventory. You have to order product individually (on the suggestion of their phone support), and then too you won't know what's not available untill you checkout. What a mess! I wasted 2.5 hours of my life just to get a good deal. I'll say that wasn't really a good deal. Not to forget extra taxes I had to pay in ordering the products individually. Phew! update: from 3 stars, now it is 1 star and nobody at Myntra cares.
Please change the false promises of "Easy returns & exchange". Totally fraud. It used to be a great shopping place but now causing unnecessary issues. We receive used products, tags missing, different color & size from what are shown on website description. But while returning any product exactly same as it was received, specially footwear, they fail the quality check purposefully to trouble the customers. Also refund status shows to be credited on the app but does not get added to the account.
Facing a major issue with the application, have reinstalled it number of times but it's not helping. As soon as I open the application it gets redirected to a page which says "Are you ready to enter the world of AR?" two options are available either cancel or continue. If we press cancel the same screen reopens and if I choose continue camera opens. Please help me to resolve this problem!
This was one of the best apps out there, lately, issues with app, lags a lot, bad return exchange policies, a product delivered to an address doesn't get picked up from the same address. Reason? Its not available for that pin code. So it can be delivered but not picked up for exchange or return. God forbid if you ever come across any supervisor from customer care. So rude that they tell you that we cannot promise that we'll delivere the same product you ordered. Would suggest try other apps.
I had ordered some t shirts n had to exchange two of them because of size issue. The delivery person picked up both exchange items at the time of delivery of one of them. N when i registered the complaint, i get the response that no extra item was picked. And nothing can be done further. As a customer, i feel cheated because i neither get the t shirt nor the refund. Extremely bad experience. If it was possible, i would have given a negative rating.
Worst app, no proper tracking, unable to speak to customer service (no option available in IVR). While ordering showing one delivery date after order showing different delivery date. Too much delay. No door step delivery. In address it was taking my village location but while delivering they are refusing to deliver, then why they are show all locations. Worst app.
Well the overall experience on the app is 'good' but it could be 'better' if you could ease out the customers choices. For instance, if I have selected a shoe,so the available colours for the same should be shown as a suggestion so as to have a variety of option through which I can opt for for the best!
The app Lacks smoothness. Although as an e commerce site, it is the best. You can have a large number of varieties. But it not only about the stocks and services, the application has its flaws. Strangely the app doesn't load properly sometimes, or it takes a lot of time. Maybe it is because of the traffic of maybe some app issue. Irrespective of connectivity (mobile data/wifi), the app never fails to amaze with the lags . Oh, and tye tracking details should be more clear (places, cities)
The customer care is really bad, so you're stuck if something is wrong with your app. Their people don't understand the problem, don't know the app features. Usual solution offered: reinstall your app after 30 mins. If that doesn't fix it, meh. Also, previous orders should be searchable! Edit: downgrading to 1 star based on more recent customer service experience
They are frauds already seen many stories but now I faced too. Shop till you are lucky once they win Your trust they hit u back. I have purchased straightening Brush and it's clearly mention that return is applicable if the wrong and different product received. But they just giving mindless reasons that if product is defective then contact to manufacturer. They did fraud just for 900 but don't know how many 900s and How many getting thug by them. shame on myntra. Amazon never did this
It's big platform for all the unique things what the people need. But prices of the products are very different from one week to one week. And the delivery is too late!! I contacted the Myntra support they talk to me, but my issue is not solved. And when I placed order in one month before which is card payment.. but after One month period also i didn't get my package. Too worst.
Myntra, you have one of the best customer experiences with the overall feel, usability, easy to navigate, and dynamic usage as compared to other online shopping apps. My only major issue is that online shopping is a experience to me - I like to listen to music while scrolling but your in-app auto video continuosly pauses my music playing in the background. I request you to either fix this bug or give us an option in the settings to switch off auto play of the video. Thanks.
I am a long time user of this app. But now will stop using it. They came up with ridiculous scheme. Online product definitely means try and return if bad fit, bad quality, not needed or similar. But Myntra now charging extra 'convenience' fee Rs. 299 non-refundable, if you had returned product previously. You will loose customers! Shifting to Amazon where same product with cheaper price faster delivery and no such 'non-refundable' even though entire order cancelled.
Unhappy with the recent performance issues with myntra. 1. Some item was never delivered to me. I got in app credit. 2. Returning ill fitting items have become a hassel, with returns put on hold with absurb claims of being used products or dirty 3. I once had a wrong colored product delivered to me and its return was put on hold, when I tried to return it, as it was the wrong product. Once my credit has been used up, I'm uninstalling this app for sure. Be wary of the issues with returns.
A very bad experience.I received two products without price tags and I lost the covers on which bar codes are there. I didn't check it when I kept the products for exchange. Now I am unable to exchange the products as these are not having price tags. What I should do with the products that didn't fit. When I talked to the customer service they are helpless. When the mistake was from both the ends, how can u (myntra) people are helpless?? This was not expected from ur end. Lost hopes on this app
Recently had a bad experience where I received a broken watch. When I tried to get it exchanged for a good piece, I was given a bangle instead. I raised the issue with customer care and nothing was done about it. And then, when I finally chose to return it, I was unable to do so for about 2 weeks since the pick up guys either didn't come or didn't agree to take it back. I was finally able to return it. I placed another order soon after this event. 2 out of 3 items in the order got cancelled without notice. The service has become really poor.
Delivery is too late. And the product is not being delivered in the date as mentioned in the app. Constant followup is needed. Product is being cancelled 2-3 times after ordering it. There is also an issue with product packaging. App has become dead-slow and sometimes the products are not being shown on the display. Totally the user experience is very bad.
Worst compared to other apps such as Amazon, flipkart. I added few items into bag to buy and a while later when I logged to make final purchase, price of the products which were already in cart were increased. I received an notification stating that, 'There's change of price in some of products but this won't usually happen'. So annoying!! And also they'll add additional charges like 300₹ for all the products.
Always loved myntra. But I really had a bad experience this time. Firstly my order wasn't placed though money got deducted. They say they haven't receive the payment,I let it go. Then I wrongly ordered twice for the same product. Told them to cancel but they aren't cancelling. I have done all the possible things to cancel the order and get the refund but to no use. Very disappointed.
The quality of the app has just been degrading day by day. Initially there was an issue with the search button and several other glitches. For which i had to uninstall and reinstall the app. Once that was done, i placed my order, amount got debited and everything was fine. Until an hour later which said there is an issue with the payment and i had to reoay the amount again and wait for 7-10 days for my refund? Great job Myntra!
Such a shame! Didn't think I would ever have to write this review. Delivery partner did not bring the exchange product but it was updated on the app as my exchange was put on hold for failing a quality check. And there is absolutely no way on the app to reach out to customer service to get this corrected. The Chatbot is useless and the Contact Us option doesnt seem to lead to anything. Third time this has happened. Extremely disappointing. Never going to bother with this app anymore.
Ordered Timex watch. It came with broken INDIGLO, scratched screen and scrtched box. No tags, no screen film. Total disappointment. And the funniest thing is when i asked for the refund they simply didnt accept it saying it is not new. Sending used watches and not taking it back because it is old. Nicely done there. My first (and last) experience buying from Myntra. Highly recommend to stay away from it.
The app is quite slow and takes a while to load your wishlist and cart. Plus deleting items from wishlist is also tedious, even if you group items to delete together, it's still quite slow. The app itself has a good design, with easy to navigate filters and options. I do hope they work on its lagging issues though. All other apps function very smoothly, but Myntra doesn't.
Hi, I have been using this app for last 6 years. Just few days back I had trouble in signing in my account. I tried logging in via otp but there was always an error showing "something went wrong". I went to the app setting and cleared the cache and even u installed the app atleast 10 times but still jo use.. Customer care executive asked to send a mail attaching the screenshot of the error msg. We'll it's been 3 days now and customer care executive hasn't reverted yet.. Very disappointing..
Everything about Myntra sucks badly. 1. Shipment and Delivery is a big time failure. Delivery date for my purchased product is long gone and they are yet to ship the product. No fast delivery options. 2. Unreasonable taxes of around 30% are added at the time of checkout. 3. Contact page for Help comes out to be blank. No doubt they don't wanna help customers in any way. 4. No scope for customers reviews. So that things can be kept opaque. It's a hell of a disappointment.
I have no issues with the app, it's with the bogus advertisement. Buy 1 Get 4 is what these stupids texted me, when I selected all and during checkout it's not reflecting, I was confused and called the helpline and he said there is a procedure to follow, by choosing 1 first and choosing 'add items' for further selection. While following the same, even though I have selected items, cart was kept on erased & simply not applying the discount that was promised. I'm never gonna use Myntra again! Cheaters!!
The item is delivered in such a long time. It takes about 15 days to deliver an item. Other shopping apps delivers the products in two or maximum four days. It kills the user experience. I am dissatisfied with the app. I don't why they take so long to deliver an item. Moreover, the colour of the clothing items shown is different from the recieved one. I hope Myntra takes it seriously.
User friendly app and easy handling. Keep up the high standards of Myntra. Thanks
It's the worst service I have experienced. They show less price during time of order. And when order is placed to you on the box there will be higher price than the actual price for which you ordered. This thing happened to me twice but you can not even complain about it because they will smartly (in wrong way) update(increase) the price. I must say please take screenshots of your order so you can complain in consumer help. Otherwise I strongly recommend not to use this trash app.
I had good experiences with this app in the past. But now i hate to buy anything from this app, coz there delivery or return pick up has become really bad. They don't deliver or return pickup on time. They just postpone it. Everyday i will get message from them with the contact details of the agent, but no one calls and when i try to call the agent, the call never gets connected. And by the end of the day will receive another message stating "we were unable to pick up your item since you requested for a reschedule". And the same thing happens every day. There is no use of calling the customer service also. I have complained to them many times, but no use. I will never buy anything from Myntra again and i am going to uninstall this app.
They take very long to deliver and the scenario is that they don't even deliver. They take 20+ days to update about your order and then one sudden day, they will automatically cancel your order. It's a total time waste. If you can't deliver why do you accept order. Very disappointed. I had experienced it twice. I am very much disappointed with Myntra's service. I'll be never shopping by them again!!!
Worst Experience with Ferns n Petals. Support team is also a worst. Raised 3 tickets for the same issue but every time they closed it without any resolution. I asked if they cannot refund then at least print a new one as replacement but they denied. Had ordered a sequin cushion. Sequin quality was worst and the placement of sequin was also not correct. In the face nose is coming in place of hair. Sequin is moving 360 angle. Worst experience. I would not suggest anyone to go with this app.
Terrible service.. I ordered a box of innerwear. Upon delivery, the box was already open & one of the items was outside the box, unfolded! As if someone had tried it on & returned. This was inspite of their no return policy for innerwear. Now I'm trying to reach out via their customer care but they are unresponsive. Uninstalling the app right way!
One of the worst apps for shopping. They rob people to be honest. I ordered a jacket. Got the wrong size. I opted for size exchange. But the next parcel contained a track pant. And then again I opted to return the order. Having received the wrong product. They haven't picked up the return order yet it has been 10 days. And then I opened the app to check the return status, only to find out that they blocked my account..... Literally scamming people by sending wrong product intentionally. Worst..
EDIT: Highly disappointed with services now. Used to be really good as you can see my older 5* review.. now down to 2star. Receiving wrong, or without tag items and when return, they don't take it. If I recv a wrong item I would have to return the wrong item. BUT the representative first don't take it. The. If you try to call Customer care after a long ivr listening, no one picks. Pathetic! This app has the best aesthetic value I have ever seen in a fashion app. And customer service is too good!
The products will be good at myntra. But the problem is, there are so many bugs not resolved. Whenever I try to apply any valid coupon code, it gives me a weird error before even entering it and later it won't work. I tried contacting support team for 3 times and the issue was still not resolved. If they are not able to resolve current issues from the user, they I don't understand why the hell they even need support team. I am totally upset with using myntra.
Today when I finished installing the app, it just won't open. At all. I tried uninstalling and reinstalling it multiple times, but still it isn't working. I've had Myntra before on my phone and it worked flawlessly. I don't know what the heck is wrong with the app now. If I try to open it, I get a message asking me to report the app. Fix this annoying bug, developers?
Myntra, so many disappointments. Yes you do have a great collection, and it's good to see the choices but everytime I've ordered a product it has always been miles away from what the picture shows it looks like. I don't know what you can do about it, but if you cannot control the quality of products on your app, atleast make the return procedure easier. I had the product delivered a week ago. When i tried to return it your app showed the product was still shipping and so i couldn't confirm delivery to return it. After waiting till today i confirmed delivery and your app still shows that the product will be delivered on 29th august. What kind of logistics do you maintain? Not to mention how there isn't a single email id to get in touch with you that i can find on the app. Not everyone has the time or patience to explain things on a call. Also, everytime i tried, your chat with an agent option always showed there was no agent free. Improve your customer service or the quality or you're going to end up losing many more users. Uninstalling as soon as this last return transaction of mine is over. I would have liked to to email all this but as I said, you don't have an email id I could find. Too bad.
The styles and products are great with great discounts. But when it comes on delivery, it's too late. Even the delivery man does not talk properly and refuses to come to my address. From last two days, my delivery is getting failed. Really disappointing. if myntra is compared to Amazon, then Amazon too has good variety with better discounts than myntra. Moreover, the product gets delivered within 2-3days of ordering and the delivery man never refuses to come to my address.
I have saved a few items in their shopping bag since the longest time. I am not being allowed to place an order since my area is a red zone. All of these items are running extremely low on stock ( 1 left for each). I'm willing to pre pay right away n receive them post lockdown. No option for that . I go to "Contact us" and type down the same issue a dozen times, but it simply won't submit mentioning issues with "ticketing". Horrible experience.
Really bad experience with this app. Never shop here. If any of the clothes doesn't fit you never return it. I asked for return and somebody picked up my package but afterwards there was no refund or the package. Tried to connect to the customer service many times and they did not pickup the calls or didn't react to my emails. Never trust this app. It's a total waste. You would lose your money here. Not at all user friendly app.
Get a grip on the constant price change of the items..I'm sure I'm not the only one annoyed by this glitch. Many times I've saved the items and later ( in an hour or so,half a day,a day or two whenever) when I'm about to place the order,the price changes. Fix it please. One more thing,bring back the video display and 360 degree view of the items . that's all
Customer service is at its worst. I made the mistake of placing an exchange request for a recent purchase. Had I requeated to return it and ideally placed a new order, I would have got it sooner. It seems they are only interested in showing inflated unique sales. On top of it, the customer service would make the best efforts to make it sound like "E-com-101 for dummies" rather than helping out with the matter.
This app is a DECENT mess. The updated cart prices aren't prominently told. Seems its a design than a glitch so as to extract more from the customer while placing orders. The price updates to MAXIMUM price rather than 2nd best! Secondly, the not deliverable items too are shown in the search result which makes it a horrible experience to rebuild the cart, esp at the last moment. LASTLY, THE ANNOYING MSG TO UPDATE... Interferes with app usage itself and hides options! What an absolute mess 😖😡
Had earlier given a 5 star because I loved the collection and loved shopping on the app. But their lousy customer service goes on to show that just a good collection and discounts are not enough to keep customers happy. Got 0% help from the delivery guy and customer care for a simple rescheduling of the order. If you're so uptight about rescheduling orders, then allow the buyer to schedule on a convenient date. Otherwise in this day and age of frequent work travel, be flexible enough to reschedule orders. Extremely disappointed with the customer service. Might not buy on this app again if this is how they treat customers.
I am changing my rating from 4 to 1 star. The app should have got better but instead it's getting worse. Despite several updates the search feature is not functioning. It freezes the app. I have to re open it and have to keep in mind not to select search option. And now new issue is that nothing is working. No response to touch on any of the options and no updates.
BOYCOTT MYNTRA!!! Very very very bad experience. I want to give zero stars actually, its been more then two instances where I tried placing an order paying through my debit card but the order failed and my money got deducted and it takes either a very long time to get the money back or didn't get it at all. They always have this payment gateway issue. Its not trustworthy app guys. Kindly look for an alternative. Would never ever recommend this app to anyone.
lots and lots of fraud in sales. order something and got something else.. and in return didn't got my full amount back. Worst experiences of all time for me..mentally tortured... First order automatically got cancelled..asked for deleting my account.. In response i got..That is not possible..we are providing coupons for compensations...that coupon also available when items added to the cart but automatically vanished at the time of payment. I am never ever gonna use this app now.
Very disappointing 😞. The app is getting worsen by time. "Move To Bag" feature is not working well. And also when I try to order any item it shows two or three times higher price than usual when it goes to "Go to Bag" section. I can't understand what's going on here. Because I ordered an item a few months ago then it was working good. I think Myntra must focus on resolving this issue. There's no details why prices increased so much in "Go To Bag" section. Hope to find solution soon. Thanks
Very poor, under rated customer service provided. The don't keep their delivery partner in sync with the issue faced when an incorrect product is delivered. The delivery associate come to my doorstep saying they have a different peoduct to be picked up and return back to their centres. Inspite of escalating this over 10 times now. The only thing I get to hear is that my complaint has been registered and approved. Everytime I need to dictate the problem and it's approved and yet not picked up.
RIP Myntra! It was one of the best shopping destination for me until the recent upgrade! They upgraded (or downgraded?) to turn the app into thpse kind of apps which never can load a page and ta time is infinity. It's an absolute performance failure. Like did you guys even do a performance test before installing the upgrade in production! Until now I used to think Myntra IT is superb but this time the up(?)grade is so so boring that I am losing faith on testing team specially.
Worst experience. Myntra makes too many mistakes in order delivery and pick ups. 3 of my items were picked up but their records don't show that. 2 of my items never got delivered and Myntra refuces to acknowledge after many follow ups. Unfortunately I had ordered close to 60 items for a complete change of wardrobe. As compared to Amazon or flipkart this app has very poor systems in place.
I ordered a card holder from my friend's myntra account. It was from accessorise London. The quality was super cheap. It started chipping off just after two days. And when I wanted to return it I couldn't because it asked for the bill and why the hell would I keep the bill after using something. Let's see I've ordered one more product how it turns out!!!!!!!! For the 1st time I had quality issues and myntra is not even taking it back.
Ordered different set of photoframes. 1. I got less dimensions Frames than mentioned in app. No return option. It says confirm delivery by scanning barcode, but barcode is invalid. There is no option to return or exchange. 2. Ordered set of 4 Drop photo frames. I got only 3. Not sure why they didn't send 4th one. For this also, no return or exchange option as barcode is invalid.
Returned to the app after a good while and the experience has been quite sad. The flow was wonderful an year or so back. Had an issue with exchange/ return. And as I read the reviews, I see I am not the only one. The Support feature is a task, hidden away in order of order. Even after that, using it is such a hassle. Honestly quite sad that the app is receiving such reviews.
Have been using Myntra for so many years. But since last year, I have observed that the app has become painfully slow and sometimes unresponsive. While it works fine sometimes, but while scrolling through the items, it becomes very slow and frustrating. Pretty sure a lot of other users must be facing the same issue but this was never the case earlier. Please fix the issue.
These days app freeze and force closes automatically , not able to handle multiple pages when you go inside then again inside of that same brand to search more. Please do something that it wont freeze again and force close automatically one more thing lags a lot when you go through the pics to check the particular product. Please fix it your app is not able to handle load.
Good quality products that we can blindly order. Very good product descriptions and customer reviews. However when coming to the application performance, it has got some negatives. Some sections get hang while searching which makes it a headache. The older user interface was more convenient in searching the products than the current one. Please bring back the previous type of UI.
Very bad experience.. Zero customer service whenever I buy any product through myntra app I am not getting proper service.. Always this platform takeing lots of delivere time. Customer service associate not resolve any single issue . So no any trust this platform.
Off late the app has been experiencing some sort of technical issues where no products are being shown under any selected category - either through tiles on main screen or through left menu options. Only an error message comes - "No results found for selected category. Are you sure you spelt it correctly?" ------------------------------------- [EDIT] De-rated after so called recent EORS sale. Confirmed order not delivered for 2 weeks and now cancelled from Myntra side citing out of stock issues. Worst part I can still see the item marked as available. --------------------------------------- 5 star for the app easy and intuitive UI.. 4 star for overall Myntra experience since sometimes Ive encountered rude delivery boys
I have been using myntra for many years now. But since 1 year the app is giving worst experience. It stops responding and some times it doesnt load the cart itself to proceed for booking the items in cart. Had to uninstall and reinstall many times. And also it is very slow now a days. Myntra developers need to focus more before bringing changes to production and needs to be tested properly. Highly disappointed by myntra. Not feeling like using this app anymore.
This rating is for the kind of pathetic service Myntra has gone down to. No prior notifications for order shipments or delivery attempts, if you are not waiting at the door for the order to be delivered, the order simply gets cancelled. Best part is, you don't get any order cancellation notification either. If you won't check it on the app you won't even get to know. I've not seen this kind of service in 10 years while shopping on Myntra, I'm done with this platform.
I was facing some issue with the Myntra move feature . It was great until I updated this app . Every time , I walked for 40 to 50 minutes , knowing that this app is tracking my moves . But when I used to refresh to see my moves count , nothing showed expect " something went wrong". I kept refreshing again and again , but it did nothing . And also the amount of calories burnt is different in Google fit and Myntra . I'm giving 2 stars just because of the wide range of products in this app .
Services and product quality is really good. I'm really happy with it. I'm disappointed with the Looks section. For a particular product, it shows all the possible apparels apart from the one the model is wearing. For a jeans if model is wearing a white shirt, Looks never suggests that particular white shirt, while we love that look!
Deeply disappointed with the service. I was waiting for my order for more than two weeks. As per the notification it has already reached the delivery location hub. However the next day it showed that my order was cancelled since it cannot be delivered. Even though we are staying in the town and there has never been an issue with the previous deliveries to our location.
Myntra's services has been extremely disappointing lately. Even though they claim to deliver the orders placed with utmost care - 7 items that I'd ordered were abruptly cancelled and tagged as 'lost' with a sorry for inconvenience message attached. I'd placed an order last month. After waiting for a month for the items to get delivered, all the orders were just cancelled without a notification. Most of those items are now either out of stock or available at higher prices than I'd first found 'em
The products are good only if you bought it for a good deal but as a customer I've to face several problems with the logistics. Their logistics system are worst. They're not delivering it in timely, also during the exchange of any items they will harrass you in a several ways. I'm not recommending this site to anyone, also I'm going to uninstall the app after my last item delivered.
Worst experience ever with myntra. Dont have option to rate it in negative. Ordered 4 things all shown delivered. Not a single item i received. I have opened a ticket they resolved it without confirming anything. Happened twice. When i reopened the ticket they closed it again Dont ever want to use this app even in worst case senerio. They are not even bothered to help with the issues This really sucks. They didnt even talked to delivery agent who had marked those items delivered.
This app hangs so much. I'm using a Samsung S20+. Hardly I encounter any performance issue in this phone wrt other apps. But myntra on the other hand. You launch app it hangs up. You enter text in search bar it hangs up. Click on a banner, scroll through products... Phew.. What's the point of updating your app, if you are gonna make it more buggy?
Avail the optn to start viewing products from where thy are left previously!! Its really tiring n inconvenient to see the same (not interested) products again!! Also make smaller sections of the amount of products available! It is utterly impossible to view thousands of products at once! Although filter is available but its hard to recollect as to which one was applied earlier to move on to the next!!! Fix all this n myntra will be fun n super easy!!
I have been a frequent user of the app for the past few years. But recently, I've had too many problems with usage. The search screen freezes, the main page hangs up and nothing works further. Every time this happens, I have uninstall and install the app. This has become frustrating now.
It's a fraud website/app. This is the worst e commerce website/app I could ever see. They took the money for a product delivery and delivered an empty box. They are saying to satisfy with the empty box and not to ask for the product or the money. And the customer service is at its worst response. I will never ever suggest Myntra to anyone. At last, l have to satisfy with the loss and do nothing 💔💔💔. I could give a negative rating but we don't have such facility. Thanks to them for making it.
Hi team, I am not able to access my cart since a week. As I click on the cart, it displays an image with following captions :- its Lit'in here. BRB with some super-hot updates. See you real soon! I tried by updating the app too. But, it dint work. It's not a good experience for a user. I am raising this issue here, as I am afraid if more user might be facing the same. So, it should ne noticed soon by the concerned team. Thank you for your understanding.
I ordered on 16/7/24 and till now 29/7/24,i didn't received my order, again and again i am contacting to customer care service and they are asking 24hrs to solve but actually not doing anything,i fedup with myntra service, very dissatisfied
Myntra has improved the browsing experience. But would request the app makers or developers to make it more effective and make it less to be hanged. I also wanted to suggest that there should be an option available where we could slide left or write to remove the products we don't like while browsing.
I like the packaging of the product. But the main problem is the price of the product and the delivery time. The products are too expensive on Myntra compare to other online shopping websites. And the delivery time of any product is too late. I got one of my package almost after 1 week, while other shopping websites deliver their packages in 2 to 3 days. My shopping experience was not too good with these two problems, otherwise everything was good, the quality of the package was awesome
I wanted to return the boxers due to size issue. I didn't use the product and I have posted them images with tags on the product. But they didn't returned the product due to their so called return policy. Worst experience ,so I am uninstalling the app now and never going to use this. They just show the best picture quality of product, but in real the product is of cheap quality. Fake & fraudulent.
I loved Myntra so much but since 5 to 6 months I can't add anything to my wishlist. Whenever I try to add anything to my wishlist it shows "oops something went wrong". I tried several things including uninstalling and reinstalling the app... logging out and then logging it but nothing worked. Please fix this otherwise I am not able to buy anything from here.
I have changed my rating from 5 to 2 simply While there are a lot of good products on offer, the level of competency once the order is shipped is abysmal. They aren't able to do any corrections to details such as phone number, email once order is shipped. Amazon does. eBay does. Why can't myntra? Receiving the delivery become a headache and mostly doesn't happen.
Verry bad experience, firstly it was my first ever and a prepaid order, there was total 3 products with 7 items. they delivered 2 exact right product and 3rd with 2 items missing. Then i launched a compliment & asked for a solution, they initially put it on return & refund. They asked me to wait and not to use any of them as all the 3 products were delivered in a single box, so i did it! After that a pickup boy came and asked for the full order, checked everything and left with all the products!
Absolutely love the variety of options, the UX of the app and the great offers. I especially appreciate the easy of returns and exchanges. I've never had a bad purchase on Myntra so far. I have one concern though - the prices of items often fluctuate. You might buy something and see a few months later that the price has dropped a lot, it's almost like stock trading.
I have been using Myntra for past many years....but suddenly for past few months, the app sucks. What is wrong with you guys.... The app freezes multiple times, if you update one item in cart, you cannot update second item, you have to leave the page and go back to it again and again...its very frustrating. Please fix your app before we all leave you for good.
I had ordered boots. I got the product but both the boots were for the right foot. I placed a requested for exchange. And I got a text saying they wanted pictures of the product. But there's literally no way you can contact them. No email. No phone number. Nothing. I also requested a call on 25th May and still haven't heard from them since. Worst experience ever. I want an exchange asap.
Worst experience ever shopping with Myntra. Ordered a product returned it , due to some reason return got cancelled and product got reshipped. Its been more than a month and still order and my money is in the air. Daily they tell me it would be reaolved in 24 hours but i rarely understand how many 24 hours they want from last one month. That was my last shopping on Myntra and would never suggest anyone to go for it. Amazon is best
Ordered a watch! It was defective when arrived! Did not agree for a return or exchange! Worst experience with the customer care! Horrible experience with Myntra!! Do not order anything from this app! If by chance your product is defective then you'll be left helpless and you won't get any response from the customer service other than "I'm sorry" !!!!!!!!! If there was an option for a half star of below that I would have chosen that option!!!
Worst experience ever with this app, I try to return the product but at last page the process have benn stuck. I am another able click on confirm button. Worst experience. What about if you get defect product. How should we return it. Very bad experience as well as they do not refund money back to account. They put it into myntra credit. Very bad
I would like to give a zero rating if available. It's mentioned that money will be credited immediately to Myntra account, and I chose that option. It's been more than a week, still the money is not credited back into my Myntra account. Refund process into our bank account is much faster than in Myntra account. The customer care number which is given in the app doesn't work at all. It says the number is not working. Poor maintenance of these kind of things is very disappointing.
Myntra is no longer delivering items to my location (Pin: 753011), and I'm disappointed. I was able to get items delivered earlier but now, none of them can be shipped. The lack of transparency on the app or website is frustrating. I had to find out the hard way after trying to place an order. Until they can expand their delivery network or improve their communication, I'll have to look for other options for my fashion needs.
My first ever purchase made through myntra app and the product offer on page and the product delivered to me both are different also I had raise a complaint regarding the same to myntra customer representative they just close my 2-3 time request of return/relpace. Also they took to delivered my product around 7 days that much more time than other shopping site.So my Personal Suggestion to everyone don't buy from Myntra they just cheat people.
Horrible experience,it happened two times with me that the delivery guy didn't deliver the parcel. The first time it happened, I had a conversation with their customer service 11 times (yes 11) they just kept reassuring, but didn't fix the issue. I didn't learn a lesson and placed an order recently again, thinking it must be a one time issue. Again didn't get any delivery at all. It was prepaid order! I'm never using myntra ever! Suggesting my friends n family to do same!!
They will put off showing the estimated date of delivery till you've already paid for the order and when u contact customer care , they only repeat what I already know. Giving basic information is not being done on this app. They're not able to help with simple things like updating a phone number in the profile. Lost all "insider points". Myntra used to be efficient and easy to use. Not now.
Coupons offers are misleading and probably a scam,most of the available coupons are shown as ineligible for purchase,not sure where to find the eligibility,and when a coupon works it wont give the promised discount. But still some offers are worth it,if they are delivering original products which i hope. The packaging, delivery and tracking is absolutely terrible,you can learn a thing or two from Amazon. The packaging is actually a disgrace to the brands which they are delivering.
I am not able to use myntra on my device , whenever try to login it says "Authentication Failed" . When i try to login in some other device , it logs in without any hessle. please fix this problem for this particular device. Realme 6 pro
They shipped an order with nothing in the box. The customer care service is horrible and did not agree to refund until the exact date and time of delivery was specified. How do they expect someone to remember the exact time of delivery? I will not order anything from this app again
Giving 1 star, just because failed to show original cost of product. User checks the cost and then move to cart to buy and the cost doubles at the payment page by including all types of extra charges. If the product is too much cost then show that price while selecting the product, but you guyz show the original price at payment page. It happened to me many times. Other apps like flipkart and amazon show the same price while selection and payment page, they just mention delivery cost extra.
I have been an avid user of this aap. Of late I have found some return related issues. I returned two items, items picked up and amount refund initiated around a month ago and still it has not been credited in my account. And what is the most astonishing part of the story is that after making so many complaints through texting and calling, they have removed my options of writing or calling them from the aap. This is a kind of offence and a major cause of customer dissatisfaction.
So, the site is great in terms of the choices it offers, but there are a lot of glitches. Often, my wish list refuses to load, and sometimes, it takes time to update. I scroll down to items which are unavailable, and after a while the list updates itself on items which are still available, but were not loading while I was scrolling down (at slow speed).
After long 7 years, deducting one star from the initial two I gave. Ordered a Jeans, exchanged it for a different size however, receiving different product from the same brand twice now. It's been more than 10 days now and it feels like myntra don't know what they are doing as a company and just heading wherever. Their customer care don't help or more like can't help since it's seller who's messing it up (damn stupid-THEY ARE MESSING UP YOUR CUSTOMERS).
The mantra guys are very late in delivery. The app is very unpredictable. It changed the default address withouy my notice. And when I wanted to change the address for an order which is already placed, they say it's not possible now. Worst service. Also they will provide you some coupon as an consolation which will never work in any item. Disgusting.
I really like your product mix and line; and would always prefer visiting Myntra for any purchases. But of late, the app is becoming so difficult to use. Extremely slow to load, shuts down abruptly, and if I toggle between this app and some other app on phone, then the entire page starts from the beginning. Basically I have to scroll down again to where I left it just a second back. Very annoying experience. Ideally, app become faster and efficient with time, here it's going backwards.
Have been using this for quiet a long time. But after recent update, this app isn't smooth at all. While browsing, suddenly it's getting closed. Shopping part is excellent as always, the problem is in the selection part. While selecting few items, they're not added to the cart sometimes, browsing is also not smooth. It's too glitchy. Pls bring back the old myntra.
Such a pathetic user experience Myntra provide. I placed the order. They cancelled it themselves, stating that there was some technical issue, they weren't able to process the loyalty points in my account. They cancelled it without any acknowledgement. I was waiting for my products to get delivered. I got to know about it While checking my order page. They didn't provide any compensation for this bad user experience. I lost my coupon and loyalty point discount too. Won't be shopping from here.
Cheap business tricks. They send automated text messages saying "buy 1 get 3 free" when we try to avail the offer going to that specific category (I know well what I am doing) and when atlast I go to the cart and try to purchase the 4 products, They charge the amount of 4 products instead of one with a small discount. I am not in a position to file a case against you or I would. This is purely tricking people and wasting their time. This kind of cheap tricks have happened to me before in Myntra.
I've been using myntra for the past 2 years , but since the last 2 months the app does not function well. No , it does not function at all ! The main screen gets stuck, unable o click anything. When I do manage to type something and hit enter, it does not search anything and the screen freezes. What exactly are you updating? Your updates suck. At this rate, someone from the development team needs to be fired before you lose half your customers.
Content, description and app interface.. everything is good and easy. Best is that one product can lead u to similar products and the list page u leave doesn't seem to get lost. The only issue faced is at times while scrolling the list seems to reappear every now and then, which is utterly unpleasant, when u are trying to find the best out of a big lot. Though that doesnt happen too often. Except that i love it!
Usually i swear by myntra. But recently their customer service has dropped to a whole new level. I faced two very bad experiences. First was, when i ordered two pieces of the same item, they delivered one and changed both as delivered. When i wanted to return it, i could only return one. I called customer service who couldn't have been more unhelpful. Second is an ongoing scenario where I have scheduled a pick up at my address for two week, and yet hasn't been picked up. Useless customer care!
Why is it neccesary to pay platform fee. While any other platform doesnot asking this type of money. And also delivery costs even tough you are shopping for an amount of 1000. Again 10 rs extra for cash on delivery options. While many platforms doesnot following all these why only myntra. From this Myntra, I have lost my intrest in shopping clothes from Online. This system making people losing their intrests in Shopping through online. And these Coupouns are so irritating... .
Worst service by myntra customer care. I have returned a product, and the refund was cancelled saying the product didn't match the return criteria But I haven't used the product and all the tags are intact. And nobody knows where the product is. very annoying service by myntra. I never recommend myntra to anyone.
There was once a time when this app was good, but now this app has just become horrible. I have never had such a horrible experience with any any app ever before. Yes the interface of the app itself has improved really well but the customer service and product quality has just decreased exponentially. I mean it when I say I'm never coming back again. Not once or twice, We experienced this like 5 times and everytime there was little to no help from the customers service department. Shame!!!!
Well! I would say this app shows you the picture of the product on models so nicely but when you look at the one that got delivered to you, you see a vast difference. The coupons thing is ridiculous and in my case the first order didn't even lemme me apply the MYNTRA300 coupon. So overall, the app has a vast collection but only flaw I feel is you should show the product exactly how you deliver it. Because when we find a vast difference, we don't really feel good about buying it. That's it.
Not working anymore The search option doesn't work. The back option doesn't work if. I have tried uninstalling and installing again but no use. Even my phone's software got updated twice but the app just doesn't work. I see a lot of other reviews mentioning the same issue. They will surely lose out on a good chunk of customers if they don't solve this soon..
There is a bug in the app from a long time, whenever i go to search and type something, the screen freezes and i am unable to do anything after that without killing the app, it happens everytime. Even after so many updates, you haven't found the bug and fixed it. TERRIBLE! Just now i realized that there are so many other reviews on the same issue, still you are unable to fix it. PATHETIC!
Not liking the concept of Conveyence fee for high returns. People try multiple dresses and return them due to multiple reasons. If we like it, we buy. Buying can't be made mandatory. As an alternative, you can limit the number of returns per month..but suspending the account or including extra fees due to high returns is not at all acceptable.
For the last couple of months, The app is not working properly. No matter what one clicks, it just shows an error message, "Something went wrong, try after sometime". I deleted the cache, logged out of the app to see if that helps. But now, the app doesn't let me log in, the moment I punch in the phone number, it throws the same error and no OTP is generated. Tried uninstalling and reinstalling the app but still shows the same error.
This application focus on advertisement only. They have alot of tantrums regarding Return policy. For buying every product you have to pay a extra 20 rupees platform fee for each product. Despite returning the product they don't return your plateform fee.
The app has several bugs and design issues. Pricing of Myntra is disappointing as well! Also, there is no scheme of a public rating/review for the items! On top of that, there is no email option to be found in the "contact us" section of help! It is not always possible for a customer to call or be called back for some help. If myntra can provide an option of communication in the "old way", why not the "new way"!! Also, the app does not remain in mobile's memory for even a short while.
I don't really order from Myntra that often because I generally find substitutes. However on the off chance I do, it is probably because the collections are only available here. Plus sales and offers and coupons are always amazing on this app. Lately I see a lot of improvement in the app as well. The filters are really good and helped me narrow down what I was looking for in seconds. One issue on the app is I cannot find the previous filter if I back out of the search. Edit : it was fixed 5*
Edit (2022) - This app used to be so good, used to be fast and smooth, easy to filter, easy to find and access the categories you needed. Now the app has become awfully laggy and slow on every phone I try it on, I have to find whatever category I wanna access through dozens of ads, filters bug out all the time, customer service options are buried deep inside the app and barely work properly.
The app isn't working from past 8 months. The top line of menu, wishlist, search etc doesn't respond when clicked. It makes the shopping experience so tedious. So much so that i completely stopped using the app. I even uninstalled and reinstalled it a couple of times, cleared cache,but the problem persisted.I reached out to them. Still the problem persists even they say they've rectified it.
Best app for fashion shopping,. seamless user experience, wonderful customer service & best offers, just love it
The app keeps getting stuck, we can no more track the order details - before, it used to be like we can see where exactly our order is and we could've guessed by ourselves when it's gonna arrive. Now, the only status that's been shown in the tracking details is "items shipped to the nearest hub" and that's all. The status remains same forever. Also one of my orders just got cancelled for no reason! Also, they've got the worst customer service people in the world - useless, unprofessional folks.
The shade of colour of the actual item delivered is almost always somewhat different from the item shown in the app or on the website. The colour is made to look nicer and more appealing in the photos and when it is found that what has been delivered doesn't look exactly like what one had chosen, it causes some disappointment and raises questions on the credibility of Myntra. The presentation of listed items should resemble exactly like what they actually look like. Some others do that.
I've been using this app for the past 6+ years and it has always been smooth but recently the updates have made it so difficult to use. Wrong product delivery and the issue gets resolved saying they won't be able to accomodate any return/refund, without any check about the product. The tracking seems to always write shipped to nearest delivery centre, and doesn't even update where the product has reached. The payment while shipping facility has also been removed. Time to move on.
Highly recommended store as it offers door to door delivery and easy returns that too with quality.
I have been using myntra since long.. And i am an elite member.. But now after my recent experience i can say that company is a fraud company... They are cheating customers.. They give discount rates and then after you place your order they cancel it next day saying technical issue and product not available and so on.... and they increase the price of product to double and they tell you to place the order... Pathetic company.. STOP FOOLING CUSTOMERS!!!
Terrible. Would not recommend this to anyone. They anyway send the duplicate product, might as well order from anywhere else. Made a purchase recently, a tracksuit, someone kept the trousers for themselves and just gave me the track upper. The agents are asking to wait so they can check. If they had really checked, it wouldn't have happened.
Too good always authentic and satisfying..give clothing on best discounts which are value for money ..
Worst online shopping platform I was duped of 1300 rs wrong brand was sent to me and when I tried to change the pic they were not ready to accept that it's their mistake even though I had provided multiple images multiple times. Not at all customer centric highly disappointed
The service provided by Myntra is becoming abysmal by the day. It used to be my favourite shopping app but recent changes in exchange/return procedure has ruined the experience. It used to be such a hassle free experience but now every exchange requires calling customer service as the delivery executives always, without fail, find some or the other issue, that is only visible to them, with the previously delivered product. I am so close to uninstalling this app for good.
Worst experience ever, they have cornered me in a very bad situation... Not at all reliable ... Sad that I trusted this app .. Can't trust the service and worst part is you can't even reach out to them for any of your problem, worst customer support that I've ever experienced.
Badddddddd app Don't download Fake app They try to make foolish us Biggggg bakwassss Giving bad things , also showing fake add Worst experience.. Very bad experience They pick a return parcel And give any kind reply and refund Please don't buy anything from this app
Horrible customer service! Wrong item was delivered to me, so I requested a return. The collection agent refuses to pick up the item saying it's different from what he's supposed to pick up.. Which is obvious.. Because they delivered the wrong product! So he puts in that the label was missing and refuses a return. Now I'm stuck without a refund and a wrong product. This is the 2nd terrible experience I've had with myntra. Uninstalling the app up until they've learnt something from Amazon
Very good app for Fashion wear & price is almost ok. So Thnks for Myntra because I am new user My purchase item are same as expected. Thnks
I had the worst experience.. I had ordered an item but received a different colour so I had returned the product. On the same day i received a text message saying the product got rejected in quality check, evn though I returned the product without using it and with all the tags. When I tried to contact the customer support, they are claiming that they never received any return and have declined my refund. But Mynta if i haven't returned the product how did I get quality check reject message?
I am facing problem that whenever I want to go to cart it's taking very very much time to load the page . I can't buy anything from Myntra now and I told their customers care department many times but they only give you trial and error solutions ... it's sad
I have many problems - 1. There is a tax thing which you get to know when you check your cart. Prices are not inclusive of all the taxes. 2. The coupons doesn't apply to their full capacity. They show that the coupon offers the maximum percentage the discount can be offered. Thus they trick you after luring you with discount coupons. 3. They don't have a good customer service portal which answers all the questions. Anyway I am disappointed.
Despite being an icon member, the app doesn't provide good support. The reps keep giving you the customary templatised lines. None of the pin codes are showing up as serviceable suddenly which is very strange, irrespective of the product I'm choosing. Support is of no help whatsoever. The app is laden with bugs. I'm very disappointed.
I wrote a review about a product that it is not like way it appears on the app,the review was rejected. I ordered a being human jacket. After keeping my money for 11 days, my order was cancelled even when I had called and mentioned not to do so and the same jacket was made available with a different price tag.
I have been using this app for almost 6/7 years . I had a very good experience. But now it has become worst shopping platform. Its delaying delivery without any prior notice . And if you want to return it its very complicated , delivery boy will not pick it on time and if he picks it up he will not update it . Now the real hassle starts . Neither you can talk toh customer service directly nor will get any update. Really frustrated of myntras service Kya ho gya hai yaar myntra ko.
There is no way to reach you guys. I got the damaged item and since the status if delivery is not updated in your app, I am unable to place a return. Please respond. I rarely get free shipping offer while my friend gets it frequently. Offers are not same for all the customers. Prices are also high as compared to Amazon and flip kart.
Worst experience.. totally scam Received a damage product after giving the review these people are marking it as wrong product.. I mean where do I go and give my review and what kind of bloody service they give totally frustrated agents dont know how to handle guest simply they will tell do this do that .. gonna uninstall this app and never goona suggest someone use this app or website of Myntra.. Still my issue is not resolved nobody have even called me I have raised a replacement request.
Since 2017 I use myntra with not a single issue, but this time myntra cheat me, I ordered a Rayban Sunglass with the size mention as 55mm lens size but got a lens size which is less than 50 mm totally different size which is smaller than mention in the size chart description. More over the product is not returnable which is a big losses. Myntra this is very cheap tricks to cheat your customers. This means we should not trust the not returnable item anymore or myntra online shopping at all.
you get best deals and best affordable product over here , really appreciable
Myntra's customer service is still as pathetic as it was earlier..every time they tell that they are working on complaint and in end complaint gets closed/resolved on its own without providing any solution to the customer..even if, it is the fault of the delivery person then also customer face the problem and products gets cancelled without any consent of the customer..then what is the use of contacting customer care and telling the problem when they are not willing to resolve it.
I love shopping from Myntra. Literally the only platform with the best prices . Thank you so much myntra.🌹❤️❤️
Myntra has stopped delivering products at my pincode. It has been more than a year, I am not able to order the products. Iam continuously checking...and it's still not deliverable at selected pincode.
I used to prefer Myntra for shopping rather than other app but the app is getting worst day by day .very bad customer support,this help section is a showpiece it never helped whenever need help.very difficult to react out to customer service centre for any issue.if the delivery boy don't pic the product and marked product denied by customer and if you raise concern then also no support from the service centre
This site is useless now. Continuously I am getting wrong product. The workers who are having job to display the product on Myntra may be having some colour blindness. They don't know the actual name of colours. That's why they are sending everytime a different colour product. Very disappointed with the service of Myntra since last few weeks. I prefer to suggest that do not waste your time on Myntra. They don't have any good quality and service now.
I just love Myntra,they always surprise me with the quality of the product n comfort,it's the best app to shop n put your trust it❤️❤️❤️❤️
Please fix the issue in the app (The issue is that the image optimization can't be cancel whenever I unclick the button for hogher image quality it return to the original format please fix the issue. Because of ut i can't review the clothes or their fabiric. Please fox it.
I bought a huawei band during sale. The box was missing charger cable and charging cradle. First they say these products are not returnable which I agree but there has to be some way if someone gets a tampered product. There was finger prints all over the screen. Product is old (manufactured in 2018). Then they go ahead and just reject my issue saying we sent it properly. Absolute worst experience. Won't be shopping at myntra ever again.
Here is some problem about my delivery update...? Last 2 order I don't have delivery update msg on my text.... It is a problem for me because some time i couldn't open the app for check my delivery update..... Because the text msg i got from myntra ...... I can check the text and knew about my out of delivery products agent number etc... Details so please myntra solve it.... It's my humble request 🤞🤞
Customer service is pathetic. It is very difficult to reach to any HUMAN Customer executive in chat support. Also, it doesn't let customer post the actual product reviews. Most of the low rating reviews are removed even before posting it. 20 rps platform fee for each order is just ridiculous.
I recently made a purchase from Myntra in anticipation of Eid festivities, hoping to find the perfect attire for the occasion. However, what I received was far from satisfactory. After eagerly waiting for almost a week, I finally received my order only to discover that it was a used product in a deplorable condition. Firstly, the item lacked proper stitches, giving it a shabby appearance. Additionally, there were noticeable damages and stains, which further diminished its appeal
I've only used this app a couple of times because its coupons are strange. so many times ive tapped on a promotional page, gone to the products listed, and added products to the cart, only to be told that 'xyz coupon is not valid for this product'. It's happened multiple times. Also this new video feature while browsing products is quite irritating because it keeps cutting off my music/netflix on the phone. Have to keep restarting my music every time because Myntra randomly plays a video.
My recent experience has been really bad. I was delivered the wrong product (some items were missing too). Even after requesting the cancellation, no one reached out. They are not refunding either.. What am I supposed to with this wrong product now??
I was literally disappointed. I prepaid for my order and one product is missing from the package and Myntra customer care people declined my claim saying it is not tampered and they couldnt say how many products were there in the package. Without complete information and without proper investigation they declined my escalation many times. Really disappointed by Myntra personnel
I had a very nice experience with Myntra before my last order.I have got wrong product.On the top of the box it was my name,but in tax invoice it is showing other person's name.Myntra customer care said that had raised a ticket,but till now the issue is not resolved.I have not at all expected from Myntra.Defintely I will think thousand times before going to place next order!!
This doesn't exactly have hassle free returns, because when I placed an exchange order myntra placed the exchange on the date where my return/ exchange eligibility will expire, and on the exchange date it just showed that the delivery couldn't complete because the delivery boy failed to deliver exchange. And I couldn't return or exchange the defective product that I received.
Been using myntra app for shopping since a long time now but recently it's so difficult to use the app ... the interface glitches a lot , when you want to search something the main screen freezes and when you're scrolling down in the app it freezes then too I don't understand what's the problem but it's not getting better or you guys are not trying hard to solve it .. I hope the issue is solved asap because it's becoming a headache now.
It is a really good shopping site with great brands and trusted products. But I kinda face this problem that when I browse through the pictures posted by customers there's this review box with the written reviews at the bottom which blocks a bottom-part of the picture. Now while its ok for most products but with footwears I find the review box blocks the bottom part which shows person wearing the shoes, so its not conveniently visible. I feel there should be a way to view the full picture.
Dont buy any crockery items from myntra.i ordered a nirlon red color frypan from this app, and i received a same pan, but that was looking like an unused old pan and that was too lite weight.Due to that i sent a return request, after two weeks they came for pickup, but at that time they changed the color of pan in their app,they changed the picture to a black pan, thats why my return request cancelled.i talked with the courier boys,they told that, the company doing this fradulant play regularly
They send defective products. When you try to return the product, they indirectly force you to keep the money in "Myntra credit". The "refund to bank account " link does not work at all. The link asks you to type the bank name and branch name, there is no option to select from a list. It gives you scope to create error, and make the page in responsive. Then you are forced to direct the refund to Myntra account. Then you get to know from their "terms and conditions" that you can not transfer the money anywhwere, except to buy products from them. Remember that they are using your money till you buy any product from them. There may be many customers like you, and think about the interest they get from your hard earned money.
App has become more inconvenient...most important filters like fabric, sleeve length, neck shape, length of dress/kurta have been removed making search very time consuming. Categories are very cumbersome All delivery charges are too high. Overall disappointing experience
Much better than other online delivery apps...the new feature of typography is useful and convenient..I loved to Shop on Myntra 🤩🤩🤩
Waste app. Guys don't order any product in this app. Very bad service. Yesterday I have ordered one pant they have delivered different product I have raised return request but they are not accepting return. Horrible experience. don't waste your time and money. User apps for better services.
I'm not even able to return/exchange the product. Even if I raise a ticket, the responses are waaaay too slow and the calls are all automated with absolutely no resolution of the issue! I keep getting unnecessary errors while making the payment related to gift card redemption which I don't even have! The app is the worst. Now I'm stuck with a wrong product unable to return. Waaaaay tooooooo many technical erros and nobody to resolve them!
Worst. I had ordered Lacoste shoes while placing order they send me OTP in my new number but once the delivery person came he said my OTP is in an Old number which I'm not using it since 4 years. When I provided my aadhar card with the same address they're not willing to accept it. So now they're asking me to cancel the order and place a new one. Full of scam.
Best fashion destination on internet!! I love shopping from Myntra!! They are world class experience!!
I've received three incorrect deliveries for the same order. Does myntra not have any systems or protocols in place? This happened THREE times for the SAME ORDER. Highly unprofessional and disappointing. Complete waste of time & energy speaking to customer care - they repeat the same statements from the email over and over again, which has nothing to do with what I'm asking them. It will be better for you to just keep chat bots. Deleting the app.
Absolutely terrible. I have been shopping from Myntra for years now but recently this app has become terrible. The app crashes, the delivery is taking longer than ever, you just cannot contact their customer care, the return policy has changed. I ordered a set of curtains recently and now the seller no longer delivers to my pincode after I have received 2 and wanted to order more. Also no pickup so I have to self ship those. Even small insta pages are offering pickups but this platform won't .
Absolute worse experience. They deducted my money and showed that the order was placed and will be delivered on 29th December. However today when I checked, somehow my order got vanished from the order history, leaving me perplexed! They scam people by displaying lucrative discounts on their products, and when you order them, somehow after everything (paying, confirmation of order , etc) somehow the payment gets declined (which is the answer you get upon calling their always busy helpline number)
I've been using Myntra for last 4 -5 years. Never had any problem with the app, exchanges or returns. But recently, the app hangs and shuts down while scrolling. Also the exchange and return of the product have become so difficult. The products come in a damaged packaging, when you put them for exchange or return they put it on hold and mark it as resolved and you are stuck with the product which is not even your size. Such experience makes me not want to shop from Myntra anymore.
The latest version of the app doesn't let the user see their payment method which they used while ordering. It becomes very difficult to track which card they used for payment. This issue was not there in the previous versions. Kindly rectify this situation. Also recently I've received 3 incorrect products, and when I checked the products page, I found that the size I had ordered was out of stock. So wrong product was sent to me
Not proper display of clothes color in photos inside the app. The kurta that I bought was different in colour as shown in app. I reviewed about the clothes in app but they didnt approved my review. And also we were forced to pickup order at far away from my house... Packaging was very bad with teared pack.... Since u have not approved my review... I will uninstall soon.... Very worst experience ever...
I think It's a pretty great app. It gives many offers and rewards for most of the purchases and it's really easy to shop and it has a really good interface. Also the products sold here are cheaper here compared to the same products sold on outlets.
Horrible options to connect to Customer Service. The app decides whether or not it will allow you to contact by chat/ call/ email. And at times these options completely don't appear. After writing an entire complaint it asks you to take product pics but doesn't engage your camera to take pics as it accesses pic only from the gallery, so you have to go exit the app and take a pic which means all the effort to write the complaint goes to waste if you don't copy your matter. Disappointed.
I am a regular user of Myntra but the app has become a headache to use from past 3-4 months. The search option doesn't work. The back option doesn't work if you have applied any filter. I have tried uninstalling and installing again but no use. Even my phone's software got updated twice but the app just doesn't work. I see a lot of other reviews mentioning the same issue. They will surely lose out on a good chunk of customers if they don't solve this soon.. Thank you
Don't rely on them , they will cancel your order after "trying to delivery" 3-4 days post promised delivery date. Imagine it's for some ocassion. Buy from offline stores instead. These are not for emergency cases add 3 * delivery time + 3-4 days for delivery time.
One of the worst experiences I've had in terms of online shopping, only the product boxes end up reaching you without any product and when you call the customer helpline they reason it out by saying that they won't be able to do anything for it. If you want to spend your money either try a diffrent online platform or give it to charity at least you'll recieve something in return. Would recommend that people don't shop from here. Plus the customer care randomly cuts the call to shut you up
Don't know what's with the new update!! Anything you type in search bar they show results not available. I typed tops, jeans, t shirts but got the same page everytime.
Worst experience from Myntra. They say my pincode is serviceable for delivery and exchange but not for return. I had to take leave to courier the item to them. And courier charges are not refundable, they will credit it to Myntra wallet. Most of the time cloath colours are digitally corrected to look good. If I go to any show room, I can see the actual item, try it and alter it for free if required. Don't want to buy any more from Myntra.
I have many promos and offers, all are useless thay are saying in every product that this coupon is not applicable for this product, in terms and conditions it's not mentioned that what type of product are applicable. Useless application. Fake discount they give.
Myntra used to be one of my favourites, but updated it today and the user experience has gone from very good to extremely poor for me. There was a proper category seperation, which seems to have been lost completely. One didn't have to go inside every category and then put 10 search filters manually to get the desired listing, you could simply get a first hand view of almost categories(along with pictures of the brands, type of clothing, etc.)and then select as per your needs. Disappointed!
Pls allow to change address after order is shipped with some option like extra delivery charge or something. I have placed many orders during the festive sale but by mistake selected wrong address. Now I don't have to loose the product but I am left with no other option but to cancel it.. As it will be a loss to me now to order same product with double the price. Dissapointed with the address change policy.. Pls help if there is a way around. It is human error and it can happen to anyone.
If there there was a dislike button not deserving a single star . Order a product waited for more than a week later product got shipped and later got cancelled and what's the reason product is not available what the hell does that mean once it got shipped . Customer service sucks , such a more maintenance. Never suggesting anyone about this .
Not much good deal same product with 3 to 4 options and different price makes it difficult to select product. Delivery is slow even after paying extra charges
There are some optimisations that can be done. Like reaching the home page. Why do we need to select back button again and again to reach home page. Also in order page the search basis the person for whom you ordered the product (basis the tagging done earlier) should be enabled to select faster ( in case some one wants to order a new or similar product). Rest I love shopping on Myntra!! Hope this feedback will be picked up.
Please fix the app. It is a very annoying experience with the return and refund system off late. Address is not eligible for pick-up and we are forced to self ship. System shows refund initiated but we don't receive the refund for upto 10 days. This is not how Myntra used to function. Seems like the downfall of Myntra is near. Do not give excuses of technical errors always. Doesn't work with us anymore.
Worst online marketplace, they always deilver different colour and design product. Or different product at all. Till date I ordered 3 items from myntra all 3 were wrong. Now finally I am uninstalling this useless application. After reply on this comment, I have sent all the details of account and orders to myntra over mail on 5th April 2024.I Will update here after getting the response from myntra.
I love myntra and their clothing and whatever they are selling but I am having a serious issue with the delivery my orders never got delivered on the promised day it's always "we are unable to deliver" if you can't deliver that just shut down your company. It's not my first time but ever since I started ordering something it always happen sometimes I even have to cancel and reorder, and their out of stock products are not in stock again what a disappointment experience hope they'll improve
At first the app was working very well but now there has been many issues that are arising . When we are watching the products after sometime the product automatically removes itself and we have to watch the products from the start . Wishlisted products are also not showing up after clicking it.
I placed 1 single qty order and this is what myntra has to say : Dear Customer, we regret to inform you that your order was canceled as unfortunately, it was not in line with our policies pertaining to placing bulk orders. We urge you to refer to the terms of the use section within the app for more information. (Go To Profile >> Scroll to Terms of Use >> User Conduct & Rules on the Platform) Any convenience fee charged would also be refunded for full order cancellations
New tracking layout is abysmal. The previous layout gave a detailed look and showed the exact status of where the package is, now it just says shipped. Most times the delivery date is earlier than estimated. With the previous tracking system one could simply expand and find out whether its at final delivery station or not and know b4 hand that delivery will happen today now there is no way to find out exact status.
The most worst shopping platform. Even after ordering a minimum amount of 1100, they charge a platform fee and delivery charge whereas other shopping websites like flipkart and amazon dont charge any delivery charge. Go for flipkart instead of myntra...
They have great stuff over there. Good products, fancy looks are almost guaranteed. But, there comes the catch too. 1) they say they're transparent and show the tax separately but instead they nullify the promotional offer which they give. It becomes at least ₹1 more than the price shown for the product. Some products carry a tax of almost 12-14% of their price. Don't know how. 2) offers are not consistent. Usual marketing tricks which are not much of problem 2) the app is able to read the sms without me giving access. I've checked once again in the app permissions but found that it's pretty smart and is able to read sms automatically 🙄 Down vote for your taxes nd my privacy
Actually the stuff it sells is a bit cheap, myntra sells product focussed on looks only and not the quality and also it keeps price at higher range. Moreover it usually takes much more time to deliver the product while other sites deliver on time(it takes 7-10 days for the same product which we can get from other site within 3 days). Although the return is ok and refund is reliable......I still can't recommend it (As I myself won't prefer it on the first step for shopping).
Recently purchased Prestige Electric iron and prestige pan during a sale event for 545 and 300 from myntra. But both my ordes were unexpectedly cancelled. This cancellation has not only caused inconvenience but also disappointment as I was looking forward to using the product. Also very bad customer service they never listen to your problem. Amazon customer service is better as compare to Myntra.
I always loved myntra but after my last three orders. m very much frustrated, too much delay in delivery. Wrong product. Automatic cancelation of product.. I mean whts happening guys..Really disappointed..and one more thing. because of your fault if someone is not using myntra frequently. they have applied 149 fixed delivery charges. and no COD option.go and check your record properly. if you guys are doing blunders it's fine but smone is returning product then it's not fine. uninstalling ur app.
Returning a product is a headache. It's shows "something went wrong" message when you try to return a product in the app which is like scamming the customer. Return and refund process is not all happening.
The slowest app I have ever used. The application itself is so pathetically slow, that you will stop buying something from it. Moreover, the delivery of the the item is the slowest. If I order an item from Amazon, it is delivered within maximum 10 days, but, from Myntra, it takes 40 days. Really!!! Even ordering something for another part of the world will take less time. Pathetic.
All products in this app are 100% genuine products and with great prices ,, really loved this app,, i recommended to all ,,just go for Myntra without any doubts
I ordered a Makeup Revolution Eyeshadow Palette in their sale which was not returnable. They sent the product packed in a loose and flimsy packaging with just a rubber band attached to it. I opened it and it was broken inside. After repeated pleas to get the product exchanged for a new one, I was brushed off with excuses. Apparently they performed "a stringent quality check before delivery" and so they can't accept my request. Definitely a brand that can't own up to or rectify their mistakes.
Very bad experience... should never buy in this app ...I have ordered 1st time...products is not good and raised for return pickup no one coming to pick up . .I called many customer service people they promised me for return pickup and after some days they are saying to me that pickup will not be done...this app should be banned so that customers will not face any issue ..this app Is very fake compare to other apps ..I recommend others not to buy and face troubles in this and do not waste time
Just don't know what's going on with the application, I am unable to use it even after consulting with customer service. The problem was resolved first, but then the application showed same problem. Whenever I am opening the app, it's opening but when I am searching for any product it's showing "something went wrong". After uninstalling n then reinstalling the app, when trying to login it's even not sending the OTP anymore. Please resolve the it ASAP or I just have to uninstall it permanently.
Too much disappointed with their return policy because their delivery agents are too much rude . Their behaviour is rediculus . They denied for return without any reason meanwhile I have their proper product with their tags . You are lucky if you received good item either you will loose your money because they don't return items .
Not reliable, order might not get delivered. One gets 4-5 days of ETA but for next 3-4 days order status is shown order out for delivery > will try to deliver tomorrow and on last day it will get cancelled. Not for important occasions and styles aren't cheaper than offline stores, fitting issues.
My worst experiences I faced today with #Myntra where I found that they are cheating their customers by sending defected items and not being able to pick it up while raising return requests they say the pin code is not available for return but while sending it works really well, upon contacting their customer service team everything is impossible except the phrase of empathy "I understand ma'am" if the call gets disconnected while discussing the issue with their team they don't have the option
I returned a product and the refund took three weeks of constant calling to be initiated. They claim the amount is credited to my bank but I have not rec'd the money since over a month. They want me to follow up with the bank and/or GPay- I don't understand why refund is such a complicated process! I still don't have my refund after 2 months. Disappointed
Dreadful app ever. If you ordered something and you got something wrong in product. Then your money was gone. Because you will see the return option but there will be no return. Repeat and they will cancel your return. So don't waste your money. In this month I ordered 2 philips hair straighter. And I got a color fade product. They don't provide return or replacement options. Too much bad experience with Myntra. l don't feel safe buying with Myntra.
Worst experience ever with myntra. Not delivering my package for mothers day till now nor they even have any update about this. Giving extra charge of convenience and platform fee than any other platform still this pathetic service. Will be shutdown soon... prefer nyka fashion than this app. Ruined my surprise for the day...
This is the worst app i have ever faced. I have order a white color phant and got a black color which is very old. On return they are not even taking it. There customer care is the worst
The worst experience in online shopping. I requested for an exchange and return but no use they are just postponing the dates. Though the quality of the product is good the supply chain management is very weak and products are never delivered on time. Customer care executives have lots of patience but they too can't resolve the issues. I hope the delivery system should be accurate enough for all departments to function properly.
BAD DELIVERY SERVICE, PLEASE DON'T PREPAY. I recently ordered 2 items. I didn't recieve the order on the day they were supposed to be delivered, so I thought they were facing difficulties due to Covid crisis and were delaying. I pre-paid 90% through myn cash and should be paying 10% on the time of delivery. I later realised that the items were marked 'delivered' when I checked on the app. I immediately contacted the call centre executive and also their superviser but they did not help with it.
A few days ago I have ordered a jeans and at the particular day when the item should be delivered, the delivery agent called me but due to some personal issues I couldn't pick up the call, on that day only it was written that the item was delivered! But I haven't received any item! I asked my neighbour but they also haven't received any item. I have repeatedly complained about this issue but they written that the issue was resolved! Neither I have got my money back nor the item!! Very bad app!😡
I recommend every one that please don't buy anything from here app because her delivery partners are miss behaves every time while delivering the product as well as while Pick up the product Too bad experience form last time buying the product
Very poor service. Its like about 25 days of order placed , they are telling me we cant commit when ll be your item delivered. They dont even bother to send a message or a mail to let me know about the inconvenience and most of the time when you are trying to contact customer service, they don't even respond. So i have to cancel my order and doing so i lost my discount voucher. It's the worst service i have ever experienced in any of the shopping app.
It's very disappointing to know how quatity check is done. Instead of L they delivered XXL. And now they are not accepting return. Myntra lose it one customer today. Also it's quality check is very flawed. Don't know why they say it quality check.
This app has gone from good to worst. 99 rupees additional charge on every order will just make it uneconomical. Non responsive Customer care adds salts on wounds. Earlier it was app for clothes at reasonable price with amazing interface. But now it is all mess to navigate. P.S. My recent order has been delayed thrice. Adding more- I cannot use my Flipkart Paylater balance on Myntra and usual they seem to have fired the customer care executives.
Earlier i had given 5 stars but now i wish there was an option of 0.. I had ordered a pair of product but had to return it.. They re shipped only one item of the pair and charged me for both. Have raised issue regarding the same.. Its been a month they haven't resolved it.. I paid for something i can't use and for something that i don't have.. The seller might have sold it to someone else.. No option to raise issue for previous products in call helpline number.. The service has gone really bad.
Most of the times, there is a concern in shipping. However i only use myntra for online shopping because of its UI. Products quality varies at times. But there is easy return option. My 100% online shopping is from myntra not because its the best, because there is no other better option. My suggestion, myntra should improve their customer service.
I have been an avid user of Myntra. Allmy purchasing is done on that. But lately I've seen the app does not function. I can't seem to click on anything..even the back arrow doesnt work. When i open the app,I cannot click on anything at all, and even if I can, certain functions don't work, like using search. It's like the app keeps hanging.As a result I have to keep uninstalling and reinstalling. My phone is updated, the app is updated but this keeps happening. It's very frustrating.
Edit: totally disappointed with your services lately. You have been cancelling the orders bought in sale even when the product is available and then I find you selling them at a higher price. This is very very unprofessional.
A fresh array of options every single time I open the app that's jus sooooooo soothing for the mind and heart.... turns us into a shopaholic alright :)) but well can't blame a girl for being a shopping fanatic can you :))
Customer care service is very very poor. I'm trying to connect since a week for change on phone number for a pickup, but I couldn't reach them they were repeating the same options when I called, but they were not connecting to the agent. Worst service. Due to this delivery agent unable to connect me ,my pickup was pending since a week.
For last few months the app is acting weird. Many a times the selection suddenly stops working. The scroll works just fine but no matter which item you try to open, the click doesn't seem to work. I have to restart the app and then scroll through all the items again which I already viewed. Also, the prices for the same products are on the higher side as compared to other websites. Recently installed Ajio and planning to use that more.
Worst customer service experience. Tried to contact them 3-4 times... Mailed them but no response. They first contacted to resolve my issue related to gift card but then ghosted me. Even I attached all the necessary details they wanted but still no response.
One of my most favorite app nowadays became worst .. they canceled my order without any reason.. customer service is just useless they never know why my parcel is delayed , why it isn't shipped .. they just said sorry nothing else .. and now I reordered my canceled order then it's still delayed and they can't do anything.. useless app didn't want to order from here now
Worst app many things have been chaged i have schudeled for return an item as i ordered wrong sizw and within the return time frame and it was not picked up return. Failed multiple times and raised an issue and got reply we've delivered a good product. So what the product was good i never said it was bad it was wrong size. Now saying we can accept the return as the product was good then why in the first case u guys accepted my return request for wrong said nd 5-6 times the return was scheduled
Useless support will only say they ar sorry for inconvenience cause but charge convinience fee twice. The app charges convenience fee for every new order, but doesn't allow the convenience of exchange. They force you to cancel and place new order so that can charge afresh convenience fee on the new order. I am also sure that after writing my experience here, an auto-generated reply will ask me to write it again to the developer's email. As they only want positive reviews on google, not critical.
One of the worst delivery service from Myntra, out of 100% orders, 30% orders are delivered on time, remaining all are delayed, i even stopped ordering from Myntra for this reason, this time unfortunately went for the order in the app, this going to be my Last order!!!
Promise for one day delivery but after waiting 2 days no update, most frustrating if you book seeing expected date because I don't think they keep their promise even if parcel is nearby under 3 km
The worst app, I had given one product return and the delivery man did not initiate the refund, so i complained and after one week there was no help from Myntra, they are just telling they don't have the product and they cannot refund and also asking if I have any refund receipt, now tell me where in Myntra guidelines it is written to keep a refund receipt.
Worst experience from myntra as my product was different and poor quality but Myntra took too much time to investigate it and the return windows closed then after refused to take it back.i was given a shock of 3200 rupees. It was my first purchase and will be last purchase
It is saddened to see that myntra now charges delivery fee Rs 79 and platform fee Rs 20 even in metro cities, even if you order multiple items, they will separately add Rs 99 to each item. I think buyers need to think again before ordering something
Being a select member i have faced worst experience, there is platform fee and no proper support. I have ordered a Air Jordan sneakers on 3rd May and it was express delivery product which should reach within 2 days . I haven't received the product on May 5th and i have reached out to the customer care and they have raised a query against this and promised that i will receive the product on 9th May. I didn't receive the product and cancelled i have not even received refund. Worst process.
Worst delivery app that i have used. I ordered a pair of headphones and shoes and myntra cancelled my order and then i re-places the order and they cancelled it again without any notification and they did it for 3 times in a row due to which i lost the discounted price. I enen tried reaching customer care services and i was unable to contact them and even their mail is not working. This app is totally unbelievable. I have lost my faith in Myntra and i am not going to use it ever again.
Wonderful and user friendly. Search options available accordingly. Thank you I recently purchased a glass photo frame, which turned out to be dirty and chipped from corner for which I shared picture on the same day. Despite sharing picture twice they are saying we don't find any problem and since then they've been pushing my query on further date. Unfortunately, this time my experience is not good. It's hard to say if it's user friendly anymore.
I have ordered on 16-Apr-2024. Item to be received by 19th Apr. Today is 22- Apr and still I am waiting for my product. Very very disappointed by this and will make sure that I won't order again from this app. Still they are tracking where my order is.. Unbelievable. Take some lessons from AMAZON if you really want to be a good competitive company.
Please add an option for saving multiple address. Edit 1 - Myntra has evolved a lot, it is one if best platform I find for shopping clothes. The collections here is really good, across categories. Love shopping on Myntra. One point which could be worked on, would be delivery time. For majority of the orders the minimum delivery time I experienced was 4 days, and maximum has gone upto 10 days. If the team could find out the way to reduce the lead time it would be more fun to shop on myntra.
Had bad experience with one of the vendor, neckbook....Ordered black and delivered green color clothing. And it is not a shape wear too. Material is absolutely poor quality. And no way to escalate this. Thanks for responding, have sent a note through mail id today. Can you confirm if you received it? Even though I sent a mail no response yet
Absolutely thrash of a service. It takes forever to deliver even when a product reaches the destination they will keep it for another 3-4 days with them before delivering it.
Do they have the best collection. Yes. But do they have the best prices. Not always. They can easily include the tax amount in the price they display, but no. They call it empowering to reveal the final price after GST during checkout. I find it more empowering when the final price including tax is the one that is displayed, like how most other online stores do. And have the decency to inform customers instead of surreptitiously canceling their orders if you have mistakenly taken the order.
Horrible experience,, I have ordered one dress I received different and wrong product .. i requested to return by selecting wrong product received options,, pick up didn't picked the parcel for the return saying it's different product from picture I said same thing that is why I only returning courier but he didn't picked I tried to call customer care but no one receiving I tried to chat with them but they said upload the product picturetrying to upload the picture of parcel it's not supporting
Very disappointed with one of my return request. Please listen to the call recording and how much I beg for returning a gift order. I ordered the dress to gift my best friend and when she opened it, we're very much disappointed of receiving old and used product. As per Myntra they performed quality check, what happened with my order then? You Senior team denied my request and replied with the same copy paste emails. I was inside customer before and now I'll never install Myntra app.
WORST Experience. Ordered one item on Myntra on August 18. And it was my first order. Now its September 5. It's been almost 3 weeks. Still not delivered. One message came regarding to that. They were saying will deliver at earliest. I needed it for a trip. Since it not delivered I had to buy the item from a nearest store. Now I'm no longer needed that item. When I tried to cancel the order, App shows can't cancel. Why should I pay for something which not delivered on time?
Cheats and Pathetic platform... They have started a new fraudulent way to earn money. Once u order something they will add platform fee and what not then will deliver a different product than the one u ordered and in the refund amount will deduct all thse fees roughly amounting to 100 to 200 rupees from each customer... Cheats... They deduct this amount although it's no fault of us the customers... Imagine lakhs of customers each day like this... Dnt but from these platforms... Support local
Very bad user experience from Myntra. Poor customer service. If the seller sends wrong product why the hell the buyer should bear the shipping and platform charges. Amazon and Flipkart has better policies for buyers. I am feeling bad for purchasing using Myntra instead of amazon and Flipkart for past so many years. Even Meesho has better return policies. I hope people should come into senses and stop using Myntra.
I used to love this app. But this is the worst rubbish useless company. I created a return request for my item (for which they are giving lesser amount refund IDK WHY). The return guy came and said that the tags were wrong, it cannot be returned. YOU GUYS ARE THE ONE WHO PUT THE TAG, HOW CAN IT BE WRONG?!!!!🤣🤣🤣 the call center is also not working. My whole life will get over in pressing number 1 or 2 or 3 or 4.🤣
Amount of refund you get is less than you pay even after discount deduction from refund. It would be nice if we get to know the refund amount while applying the offer or while billing. They have deducted discounted money individually for each product while refunding, but received discount for the whole bill while ordering. They never mention this kind of details while giving offers. Giving out some lame reason when asked the customer care. I'm never gonna order from this app again.
Poor service. Received damaged product and on returning they put th return on hold with no means of contacting them whatsoever. On top of that after so many days they send a mail that the product was okay on their end and cancel the return. I suggest order on your own risk as if anything happens to the product even when its on the way you are going to bear the loss. There are many other apps selling the same brands with amazing service as well. I won't suggest buying from this app.
I don't know why people wanted to buy from MYNTRA! Their products are price outrageously high. It's not like their product are way better then other online store. You can find same product on AMAZON and FLIPKART in a way cheaper price. And you can't cancel your order if it was already shipped! For eg: you've made a prepaid order, but change your mind and wanted to cancel the order (guest what) if the order is already ship, you need to wait the day when the delivery boy arrive at your door step
"Experience the epitome of convenience and style with the Myntra shopping app. From trendy fashion to seamless user experience, it's a must-have for fashionistas. Quick delivery and exceptional service seal the deal!"
Hi .. I have been myntra's buyer since 2018 n im an icon member.. till last year I'm really happy shopping .. I faced zero to less return refund damage issues but for the past few months I see you guys added all kinds of random small brands which does not provide good quality clothes due to that facing so much of wrong product ,different size ,poor quality material issues ..it's really spoiling myntras reputation only . nowadays returning clothes has been more than buying ....plz see to it ..
Myntra has severely downgraded. The delivery guy refused to pick up the item and even after multiple requests, the same guy was assigned for the pick up. Never ordering through this app again.
Pathetic App. They just delay delivery so that you can cancel it . My order was purposely delayed and lated denied delivery. My order was at the delivery location for 6 days but they never delivered instead asked me to cancel the order
This is full of Cheater seller. Most of times they deliver wrong or different things. Myntra platform promise to hassle free 14 days return or exchange policy. But most of times they declined your return. I and many my friends faced this type of problem. One time I received different item I record unboxing video. I upload that video for return l. But they declined such a recorded video proof. Cheaters platform. Never download never shop from this type of greedy platform.
Pathetic service, delivery boy not delivering at the given location, asking me to collect it from 10 km away, also cautioned me to cancel order if I can't collect it from there. Trying to reach Myntra customer care agent but unable to do so, only chatbot responds, that too very irrelevantly. Days are gone when we used to say that my tra is best.. Please respond quickly or I ll complain on consumer forum...
this is a best online shopping app for all kinds of customer and the product packing is much batter as compare to flipkart Amazon and other online shopping app..
I had a terrible experience with Myntra. I bought loafers that were big size, so I returned them for an exchange. When I received the replacement, the size was correct, but the quality was worse. I contacted customer service, but they doesn't care of my concern, saying the product might have been damaged during shipment and closed my ticket. Myntra's lack of customer support is terrific. I don't recommend Myntra or its products at all, as it is not at all customer friendly/customer supporting.
Fraud Website. I ordered a sweater for my first order and it was garbage. It was an old dirty piece with a tag and I returned it. The person picked it up and they did not send me a receipt for the pick up. I contacted customer care and they assured me that they'll issue the refund but few hours later I got the message that Pick-up unsuccessful and issue resoved?! I've been shopping with Amazon for years now and no hitch whatsover. PLS DON'T EVER BUY ANYTHING FROM MYNTRA.
They have worst currency system - i have order a item and returned. they have return the balance in their currency(myntra credit) now my balance showing as expired. I am not sure why my money get expired? Why can i use my own money, why they have not return to my bank account instead of expired
It completely stops background music playing on any music app if any animated item display comes up when browsing on this app..which is very annoying because music won't continue to play later after animation ends and forcing us to go back to music app and start it each time. I've stopped browsing on Myntra because of that. It's very annoying, please fix that. Tip: Do it like in instagram, it let's music to continue later if any vedio comes in the feed.
It used to be good but now they are Selling cheap stuff at exorbitant prices. They have entered the customer loot phase by taking advantage of pandemic situation as people buy stuff online only now. Better shop at your local store by contacting them. Plus very slow delivery on the top of it. Many times stuff reaches you when you no longer needed it and then you have to return it. They hold your money making interest on top of it for too long as their Returns and refunds are very slow too.
If you want to be fashionable than you need to use Myntra. Enormous collection and excellent service. Great Job, I'm addicted to it.
My account has been deactivated without any specific reason. I have contacted customer care for about 6-7 times . Every time they assure me to take some action but it's been a year no response is their from myntra team
I order a Smartwatch from this app because they were giving heavy discount . And the showed no return available . The watch was defective piece . They are selling defective item showing no return available. I cannot exchange or return my watch now. It's my worst online shopping experience . It's was my purchase from this app. Any donot get scammed. They should at least give option for return or exchange for electronics items .
Worst app ever!!! Always sending completely different products and then giving the excuse like " your product is out of stock" . Like really??? All your offers are scam!! You just promote your offers so that people order what they like only to deliver them wrong products and taking forever to resolve the issue. For example- If you order a dress you'll probably get a shirt or jeans. Absolutely horrible experience!!!
The app is good until you want to get in touch with then regarding some issues. The orders do not have any proper tracking system. I had placed an order on 14-10-19. One of the products hasn't even been shipped yet. None of the options worked when I tried to get in touch with them to know about the issue with the order. This experience has really disappointed me. Myntra you are doing great but you have to be more responsible towards your customers.
Myntra has been my go to app for apparel purchase. App is smooth, wide collection. Returns are easy.
My purchases have been good. I haven't received any fake products yet. But I would really like you guys to consider something about size filters in any women topwears. Since each brand each type of topwear have different sizes like one western topwear size XS or sometimes S is 32 size, but in ethnic the XS is of 34 size. So if I need to check I would have to go through each product size guides. So could you consider putting the actual size numbers in size filters instead.
My exchange product is picked up but in return no product is delivered to me. However, it is updated in app as delivered. Customer care is fooling by giving assurance to resolve the issue in 2 days since last 20 days. 4 times my complaint got closed by customer care without resolving. Now I am not able to raise complaint anymore. No escalation matrix is available. Customer care is sitting to give stereo type answer that they will get back in 2 days time. Got harrassed since 20 days... Do needful
Hey Myntra, can you guys stop showing audio video visualisation of products on the main page or the page where we are scrolling through bunch of products at once. It has made impossible to use any other audio app while doing this. I cant even play music because of your audio visualisation. This visualisation is fine when i am opening a particular product. But why you guys have made scrolling so stressful that we cant even play music while scrolling through products. Its shopping , not study.
The worst customer care service possible. If you try to chat, they will only give you a few options and then say your query has been resolved. There is no chance to type what your actual problem is. If you call, you will be given some very specific types of query pointers and only a few products that you have already purchased and the return dates are already over. Nine of the recent purchases will be mentioned. Absolutely unhelpful.
Myntra Delivery service is disaster. Placed an order on Myntra on 19 July and haven't got the product till now.as of August 1st 14 days and there is no update regarding the order no customer service number, 🤬🤬
This app used to be so good in the past but has been totally disappointing since past year. The delivery experience has been worst so far. I tried ordering shampoo which was damaged. On creating an exchange it shows wrongly delivered multiple times and has been getting delayed since a month now and the team hasn't proven to be of any help so far. Really terrible services.
Very bad experience This app is literally scamming us be careful while ordering no comments on product quantity but the price they are increasing ur really bad it shows 10rs for cod but adds 200rs to total bill very worst experience very bad
Products are more or less good but gives fake coupons on the coupons menu. It's like a scam. When you see that you are having lots of coupons available, you start browsing the app and select your products. But during checkout you can't apply the discount coupons, all of them will show that it's not applicable to your cart without any explanation. The coupons section is totally fake. It's just a scam to attract customers.
Delivery agent cancelled the exchange only in one attempt of delivery, even when I told him that no one is at home please come tomorrow. When called the customer care for this issue they told that 3 attempts are made but since it is cancelled you need to re-order the exchange item. I do not understand why the customer has to suffer for no fault and why is the customer service so handicapped? Why is the delivery agent so lazy? Can something be really done for this?
It a nice app good for people who love being latest. But their a problem you should show what is the fabric picture too. Many times the name(cotton) is same but the fabric pattern is different. Please add this it will help people to know the products. This will save your time(when people return the products (I have done this approx 60% of total purchase I did in this app)). Please let us review the products. Thanks for such a nice app. But please add some feature it would be great.
Worst support received. They rejected my return. They gave product with removed tag. And I can return it. I requested return immediately once tried the dress and found it was very small for me. I m not getting any customer support now.
I'm using this for years now. But seeing a degradation in the quality of products as well as the customer service nowadays. No proper updates on shipments like before & no response to complaint tickets as well. Closing tickets without sorting out the issues. Pathetic services to yearlong users. Especially the app is crashing too many times and functions like filters and wishlist are very unpleasant to use. Pathetic customer service too. Product gets lost while pickup and no support from them
Ordered shoe size 5, but received size 4. No checks at the merchant and Myntra end to ensure the correct product is delivered. Couldnt excange as correct size is out of stock. Also Myntra is running a nice scam by not refunding shipping fees, even if they deliver the wrong product. What a shame!
Don't buy anything ..fraud people this app is fauud bad customer support ..I have return h saree there delivery agent took it back but status is still showing not picked up there my order has been picked up but I have not got any refund there delivery agent has done fraud ..and Myntra customer support is also not helping..v
Worst app. No customer support. I bought a pair of Nike shoes worth 7k. But from the 1dt day shoes are giving so much pain in one leg. I called the customer care but they said that they can't do anything as I have used the product. Later then I called the Nike and they also said that because of no visible defect, they can't help. I will avoid Myntra for any future purchase. Not at all recomended.
Their service is declined over the years. From being the best online store, they have become the worst. They have delivered a completely wrong product and are refusing to take it back and refund my money. My above comments are dated August 2018. After 2 years, I was hoping that they would have changed and Placed an order and they have done the exact same thing. Sent me a completely wrong product and refusing to refund me. IAM shocked beyond words.
Recently I purchased item in your store but I would be disappointed so much because of the product was different one which I received the item was different brand and different size and i will try to raise the complaint from when i recieved the order but there is no one respond and Customer service number did not working ....i felt very sad regards your team approach and customer care. I want to replace or return that item hope u can resolve this issue as soon
Very poor service and support .Very unhappy with them. Ordered some products on offer , got cancelled on its own and to see that they are actually back in the shopping list. The product was there so it can be delivered but they cancelled from behind with a poor reason. Totally unfair to me as someones mistake and I am getting punished. Just because its price became more later on it does not mean my order has to be cancelled.
Had a ridiculous experience.I ordered a product & paid the bill of it.They didnt deliver on time & i was receiving all delaying delivery apologies,then when i checked the delivery status it shown me the PRODUCT GOT DELIVERED & here i never received it When i spoke to the customer care they said the order got delivered is wt is shown in their system.& asked me proofs of not receiving the product.How am i supposed to give u proof of never received product & said they cant help & without any refund
Filter condition application is too bad with the App. We have to select each and every selection one by one, it's too annoying. Earlier app was very good. But now after updates I could see lots of lagging and delay in product display. Shopping is good but tracking shipment is very bad. Amazon totally doesn't have any control over the shipment. So total experience is not so good.
The customer service is dead poor and the staff doesn't give a damn about the customers and their experience. It is impossible to speak to them and they don't call when a call back is requested and if they do, its turns out to a blank call. And the CS staff closes the raised issue without even resolving the issue. This is so dumb and so frustrating.
What to do when some products are showing not deliverable at your pincode. Its Disturbing when you see some products are not deliverable. This is not good. Hate it.
Have been using this app since a long time and I'm also a platinum member. However since I have changed my mobile handset, I am unable to login. Somehow after putting my registered mobile number a new account got created and I have lost all my platinum membership.. please help Any update on this guys ? I have sent you an email
I would like to give 0 star rating for this,they will cancel the on their own and they will not deliver the item on the date i didn't receive my order after since 3 days the delivery date was three days back really hopeless i cancelled the order because of delay of order from 4 days waste app there is no proper delivery and the order is delayed 4 days waste of time
app has a good interface but the discounts and prices keeps on fluctuating way too much for person to shop and it makes shopping irritating. Coupons also keeps on changing which makes me doubt even after i've ordered my products as to was my deal good or should i cancel and order again to get a better deal as new coupons are now available. By the time you add all products to the bag either stock will run out or the prices would hike.
Have been using Mynta since quite a long time, never faced such an issue earlier. I must say, the service of the customer care is the worst. I tried placing an order, and when it was time for the payment I choosed online payment, the order was not placed, it was showing failed by the amount got deducted from my account. I tried connecting with the customer care several times, but no response. It's been 12 days, I haven't got the refund till yet. Really dissatisfied and disappointed😞.
Worst app ! I tried so hard to get refund but no use, then I came to see review it's a same case to everyone who return the goods have not returned their money. Customer care don't response they just tell to fill the details properly but i have tried more than 25 times now i left with no option but to give a review.
I'm NOT able to USE the app on Android version 12 on my infinix model X6815B I had raised ticket on myntra using web version bt all on vain. Their customer care is busy asking myntra version and ph version and even after providing all info it's of no use.. App Does NOt open on my phone..
Annoying and full of bugs. Payment was deducted from me multiple times yet i m still waiting to hear from them after complaining about it multiple times. Yesterday, i put in another order which was cheaper in price, now i looked at it and there is no proof of that order(thank god i didnt pay for it) and the item is showing in the cart with much much higher price. Definitely myntra is nowhere near amazon.
Came across an issue where an item is shown in the list of "Rs. 400 off on the first order", and when I add the item(s) in the cart,try to apply discount,I get an error that cart doesn't have eligible items. This happened multiple times on different products. Why are you showing these discounts if you are not actually giving it? Not sure if this is a bug or a marketing strategy. Whatever it is kindly get it fixed and don't waste our time. Note I already added the items worth the minimum amt.
Love using it. Amazing offers Please please do something about your recyclerview. The scroll isn't smooth after using a while. Keeps on shaking. I get impatient. I love browsing on Myntra.. cannot browse for like more than 5 min these days. Recyclerview doesn't scroll smooth. My observation says, you have got to fix any issue related to pagination. Hope to get a better version soon. The issues I observed on my old samsung galaxy s9 as well as my new one plus 8pro
Pricey products for the first time buyers, huge delivery charges and they arrive weeks later , Don't think about of returning anything , it will prolong the pickup to a point that you have no choice but to take the defective or the unwanted product. They suck in delivering and return. Take my words as an advice and think before making any purchase. I've used this app for more than 3 years and I've suffered. I don't want anyone to face the circumstances, it really sucks.
Mantra is one of my favorite shopping app. Packaging of product and quality of material are always amazing.
Got the worst service from costumer care service, would recommend you all to never buy a product from here because if by mistake the product you bought is wrong the costumer care service will falsely assure you that they will give you a refund and pick up the wrong product but that day of pickup will never come so yeah just trying to save you all from the cheat employees of this app.
Very bad experience with my recent products. I have received a different product. When I initiated a return the dilevery boy reject it stating it is wrong product. I called the customer care gave them all the necessary details ,tag ,bar code. Every thing. In my application it is showing that return is approved but the pick boy comes and says that he has no approval for the same. 13 time that delivery guy have come to my door to pick product but didn't take it and every time he says that there ap
Lots of issues right from showing the orders, delivery date, payment methods. I placed a order and couldn't find it under orders until I placed a call to customer care and it doesn't show delivery dates and shows wrong payment method than the used one. Myntras app used to be one of excellent apps until it's screwed app strategy of mobile only strategy. Feeback from my latest order in Nov2019. The delivery timings are very very slow and you should buy something on myntra only if you have a months time to receive the items you buy.
Seriously horrible experience..I got different product and tried to exchange it with my original product. It's about to be a month since I got the wrong one and till now I am just trying to get my original product with its exchange..I had sent the pictures of the wrong product and followed every step instructed by myntra personnel still till now I couldn't get my product n no step from myntra n now it's written as canceled as the delivery was failed when I got no call from myntra..I feel like 😡
Myntra is no more trustworthy. I ordered for a handbag and used my myntra credit . Remaining amount was cash on delivery. But when the delivery man came he told me to pay the full price and showed me that my myntra credit is not used. It again reflected in the credit balance.
I don't like some of the technical issues of Myntra like .......we can't add and remove items directly in the bag ....and when we move the item from the wishlist to the bag it disappears if payment is not successful
Myntra is the best shopping portal ever. In this app we get the same product which is available in the image. This is the main point for me to love Myntra app.
I have largely disappointed with myntra about product return they didn't help in return no one is came to pickup product. This is really disappointing that sote mytra does this cheap things..👎👎
Bad experience, they lure to provide coupons for new users and whenever you order using that, after passing few weeks orders are cancelled. When call customer service they are telling to reorder and that is without that discount.
Very poor experience.. app not working.... I have been trying to login for 1 months.. but again and again getting same error message as "Internal Server Error. We are working on it. Please check back later"..
Is there is any option for zero rating , one of the worst app without a tracking option and we can find that the product is shipped but we don't have an option to find where the product is actually present like the flipkart, amazon shopping apps. Even there is no cutomer support to rise an issue, totally dissapointed with the delivery.
Misleading notifications. On numerous occasions their notifications led me too their app simply to find that the notification wasn't leading to the offer mentioned in the notification.
I'm quite a frequent buyer from this app. But after the recent update I noticed that they are changing ₹10 as convenience fee for using their platform and which is non refundable if you cancel the order later. This shouldn't be the case. Highly disappointed with the way they are fooling the consumers.
I am writing to express my disappointment and frustration regarding the recent deliveries of slippers I ordered from Myntra. On two separate occasions, I received slippers in the incorrect size, despite clearly specifying my size preference in my order. Really disappointing.
My experience with this company has been very poor. While selling they offer you the option of return/ exchange but if you choose to return any item they will offer you reasons of not excepting the product. If you escalate the grievance they have a well oiled custumer service team to convey their sorry instead of resolving your grievance. Your unbiased reviews are also not published to cheat other customers. Veru very unethical practice.
Very bad experience. After waiting for more than 20 days they cancelled my order saying unable to deliver due to unforeseen circumstances. Very very bad. They wasted my so much time
I have been using this app since 2017 and i really loved the experience that i had, they always resolved my issues . Customer care service and delivery services everything is really good. But today i was so so disappointed after knowing that my order has been cancelled due to internal issues.It never happened in all these years, and i hope it won't happen again. And i hope rest of my orders will reach to me.
Myntra please fix my super coins usage, I buy products just to increase my super coins and you don't even make it available for me to use it,, I don't want my supercoins to use in Vail things like prime subscription or whatever subscription, I want to use my coins to reduced the price of the product please fixed it for me.
It has been such a terrific experience since my last 2-3 orders. It's been almost one month since I placed the order but haven't received the products. Delivery executive refused to deliver it to my address and when I complained they told me you will get it on your home address and after waiting for so long they jusy cancelled it. If you can't deliver why do u even take the orders.
I bought Allen solly jeans with mid rise and Slim fit as per the product description on December. the seller send the item with Lown Rise Skinny fit remaining details are same as description. I think it is a mistake choose to exchange the item with exact description. At that time I contacted myntra customer support. They made apology  After three days exchanged product delivered, unfortunately again they made same mistake. So I requested to return and refund. Second time I contacted the myntra
I m using since a long time I m insider but since myatra experience are very bad yesterday I order price was high as soon as order it got low and don't what delivery policy you are following delivery agent is coming at 11:00 at night and if I click on app for help they show out, Myntra price is higher then competitioer and you charge for convince also then also facing such issues
Worst app ever for online shopping. I had placed an order 2 months ago and till now the order is not delivered . Twice I've recieved calls for confirming the order and both times I've confirmed it but then also. Moreover, the order tracking is displaying false information like my order is out for delivery but there was not a single trace of it . I tried contacting customer service. They also told me they will deliver the order at the earliest. Atleast show the correct condition about my order.
Delay in delivery. I ordered 4 things from Myntra. All of them delivered late. So whatever estimated time is given none of them delivered on that day. Utterly bad experience, what's the point of ordering something if you cannot wear it on that particular occasion that you ordered it for.
This is so bad.. at first it didn't ordered the product on time.. and secondly as soon as it arrived it turned out to look so worst ... the pictures of dresses never turn out to be the exact in reality ... Also, they show free shipping before ordering the product and as soon as it arrives they charge 99 rupees for shipping, the cost is too much but the fabric is very cheap... not satisfied with the app at all!!
Too many cancellations from myntra when the order has already reached town. For low quality or defective order replacement or return is available but they don't allow to add review to bad items.
I love the way this app works. The discounts are good but sometimes I cannot use a few coupons even when they are applicable which is really annoying. Neither can I access the proper list of clothing to the particular discounts. Maybe I couldn't find it. Basically it should be a little more user friendly.
Update is getting worst day by day... can't find things properly... Update is very very weird... Can't find things.. Categories options is missing... Wat is fwd, everyday not needed on main page.. seriously not good update hard to find category or options... Pagal ho gye h kuch b update de rahe h u use to be my fav, but now i even don't open ur app
Have changed my rating from a 5 star to 1 star. For everything they right in these tough times. Everyone is now just working fine then why problem is with your company. They delay the delivery, send the wrong sizes, items are fake some times. I got a product delivered 2 days back and still it is showing out for delivery. And I can not make a return. When you use the automated system they say we have staff shortage so might take time to respond back..Upon that the app is also not working properly
The new UI of app is horrible. I used do a lot of shopping from Myntra but now I can't find anything here. For example i searched for stripped shirt for men, it shows only 3-4 options. So now I'll do shopping from other online shopping apps.
Industry defining return process, they process return end to end in few hours!! App experience is great too. It may lag sometimes when viewing long listings but who cares when you get everything at one place. Please add functionality to save filters or resume search with previous filter. It is very painful when you lose it.
I am using this application from past more than 1 year and believe me it is having the same old collections from past 1 year. The second problem is, these people deals with the defective items with duplicate branding. I have experienced these things. And if there is any sale on MYNTRA... Trust me, 99% chance is there that u will get a defective item.
I order almost every month from Myntra. And this month has very bad experience. I ordered a trousers but due to fit issue I returned it so the delivery guy came for pickup. He took the product and after 15 min he rejected it saying picked not done. And I raised the complaint immediately after that. After 3 days I got SMS saying my complaint has been rejected as delivery guy did not have the product in logistics due to which I had to suffer and the refund was cancelled. I didn't got the product.
Worst customer service experience ever. And the calling option for the delivery agent is even worse. after putting my phone number and the pin correctly it's still says it's incorrect couldn't connect to the delivery agent. Worst app will never order again from Myntra
From past few days I am facing a issue while making payment via Flipkart Pay Later option. It use to working fine with other payment option as soon as I select Flipkart Pay Later then i am neither able to select any payment option not able to make payment via Flipkart Pay Later.
It's a very bad experience, I'm facing a lot of problems while returning my package even seal is there still they're asking me weird things to do and send bill to them. I don't see a point sending bill when it's already online and it's been a week I received no revert and my return is on hold. Really very bad experience and i don't think I'll be ever using myntra again.
Order Not received properly date and application auto cancelled order and third class 😕 app. Don't Use Myntra App
This is the first and last time i have purchased something from myntra and I'll not gonna purchase anything more from Myntra as you don't care about costomer. Flipcart is much much better than Myntra and I'll say this to my every friend and family that never buy anything from Myntra bcz the service is very poor
It is a very good experience, so many brands and offers, it is a very good experience shopping from here.🤗🤗🤗
It's too heavy to use the app. No doubt the UI is good. But, tracking the order details is like you're searching for a chameleon in bushes and also the order details are not easily opened, they are also like you are striking hammer on a stone to open it. First, it just keeps loading and then it will not open the details at all. Overall, it's not a worthy app, either in case of price range according to rivals or the user experience.
I had really bad experience with myntra. I ordered few products & I received them but found one product missing. Complaint about same with costumer care 3 times with time given by them to wait for response. Every time same response favouring the seller, no action against them because it's seller fault who did not put that item in box and saying that they did First time this happened N no proper response from myntra n team.
I have been using this platform for years since Jabong shut down. Placing orders, delivery+returns have been smooth with a few issues with refunds that have been sorted out. Recently, though I had been getting products that were either smelling or damaged, a thing that needs to be done by seller/packaging incharge. Obviously, if a defective product is delivered cust. Is gonna return it, but I'm getting charged 149 coz "too many returns".
Whenever I try to replace the product the desired replacement size is not available and so the customer has to return the product and for that the app is charging convenience fees on all the orders. Pathetic. And the fitting of the product is different in the same brand , same size itself. It seems like all the products are duplicate or copy products.
Very disappointing! First shopping experience with myntra and it turned out to be very Disappointing! The product received by me was completely different from the one i ordered. Also after choosing for return option the product is still not picked up by myntra...its more than 20 days but they always fail to pick up the product due to operational issues.
Everything was fine first. So many products, with good quality. But the quality lack when the time of return policy of products. It wasn't easy. When we apply for return of a product, in other sites it is easy and shows when they will come to pick up and they will come to pick it up where they delivered. But in case of Myntra they can't pickup from where they delivered. That is confusing 😕.
I've been shopping from Mantra for a few years now and I'm quite a Shopaholic. So far I never had one problem with their service. They never refuse to return any product if I dislike it, never forget to refund the money (sometimes the whole process takes a wee bit time but I never even needed to contact their customer service because everything works smoothly). I shop from Myntra even the things I can find cheaper on other websites because I know that this service will not make me pull my hair out in frustration. Expensive collection, yes, but reliable service. If people are still having problems here, I've no clue how high their expectations are.
Very poor shows options, but when I click an option for example home decor shows nothing, getting worse and too much waste options, and why the hell this app is selling kitchenwares😂😂 and still showing nothing
I've a suggestion to make. To allow increasing the cart and wishlist size. It keeps showing exceeded always. Please see if it's possible.
app not working properly automatically closes automatically
I am highly disappointed by their services. They tell you there is an offer if you buy for more than a specific amount you'll get a free item, then they randomly cancel that free item after you've placed an order and give you a useless coupon instead. Not only this, their customer service is even worse. Your queries will never be solved. I will never shop from myntra again. They don't care about their customers at all.
I ordered the products with the correct sizebybcheckinh the size chart but I didn't find them nice as the quality of the product was not appropriate, they was completely body shaming products and when I ask them to change it, they refused to do so as per their company policy. If the merchant is not providing the quality products then why do they allow such merchants to do the business on this platform. They don't value their customers. Pathetic. I raise my concern but no surity of resolving
Ridiculous! App is not able to take the load, very poor performance. Keeps crashing. Most importantly, not able to define which offers are valid. My order was eligible for 10% off on HDFC debit card. Showed discounted price twice, but the txn didn't go through. Then it just stopped showing discount. FYI, i had checked all terms and conditions plus expiry date of the offer. It was still valid. Finally paid through phonepay and it went through in a first go with the same card!
Orders are not delivered in time and products are also not reliable, the orders get cancelled by their own and no return replacement option is available in oder that are delivered *Don't know it is their marketing strategy or what but their service and customer response is zero*
Worst ever. Tbh I have ordered few products before and every time I received the real product without any issue. But this time I have received a box with some rubbish and my product was missing. And the worst thing is Myntra haven't solved my issue. To me it's absolutely okay to send wrong product or anything like that. But they should correct their fault which they didn't. I faced issues also from some other apps but they corrected. Very upset, angry, disappointed everything.
Very bad experince from this app i get. Order items not deliverd on the same date. I order 4 items from this app and not deliverd on the correct date now they messged me to wait for 3 days.
Worst website and app. I bought HRX shoes. After 1 month, the seals of shoes began to open. I have requested those shoes return back. But 2 weeks have passed, no one has come for return nor any call came, just the message comes that unable to contact you. I also cancle return to change pick up location. But in the app neither show the cancle return, nor any option of the location change.
Loved it , the coupens the prices, i have saved a lot of money
Totally wastage. Collection is definitely good. But their service is hell. I have ordered 8 items with in a span of 2 - 3 months. Out of 8, 3 orders have been cancelled by them after few days of confirmation, 3 orders had delayed delivery. Above all when I tried to contact their support, they couldn't solve any problem. They just lodge a complain and kept it with out any solution. They don't have any urgent delivery process! They can't contact delivery agencies, even providers to solve any problem.
It's a fraud company. Don't buy from Myntra, they delivered different product and are not accepting returns. Biggest fraud e commerce site ever.
Hi team Myntra. The app is too slow and I have to stress that the customer service is terrible .Was great till a year back. However I still purchase from Myntra often because of great style options.please fix this so we can have a hazzle free shopping experience. Warm regards, swathi.
I was a super fan of myntra and use to order every now and then but within a month this is second time i am facing this issue with delivery of a product. I order a rug on 24th Feb and still it's not delivered. Every day i get message , reattempt failed. I don't want the product anymore, i want refund. I will order from somewhere else. There is no option to cancel either. No option to talk to customer care. This is so frustrating. This is mostly happening with costly products.
Cheats all of them. For non-replaceable items they will send you the wrong & marginally cheaper items and then you have to waste time fighting with customer care to get any kind of resolution. I'm out almost 2000rs just on 1 order due to wrong items sent. And no way to quickly resolve this issue. Still waiting for a fix. Please avoid this app. Amazon is a million times better for quick resolutions..
Was my go to app4 shopping but now I face a unique problem.They suggest sizes based on your orders,you pick,it's wrong size,u replace, mark it for u. U expect they will suggest proper sizes Atleast after 10 orders?No.They suggest sizes which are2times big. select as per the size chart,get a huge bulb saying pick recommended size, ensure less return...thnks to this,I missed wedding dress, party dress. Solution frm customer care-when ordering don't say you are ordering for yourself.Genius.
My first order with Myntra turned out pathetic.. but the rating is not for the product but instead for customer service. I got a defective product and upon asking for a replacement, all I got was "we sent you the right product". Even after continuously following up with the agents, supervisors didn't call me back. No efforts to provide a resolution. I wonder if I had ordered bunch of costly stuffs, what would these people have done. I was very excited to try this app but it's disappointing.
I thought I will give 5 star but after getting scammed I think you don't even deserve Zero star. Stop scamming customers and start improving your services. Didn't expect that after a long wait of 8 days I will receive a mail that my exchange has been cancelled and you gave no authentic reason for that. If you can't exchange then refund the money but that too you can't do because you guys intentionally mismatched the product and now telling that maximum attempt has reached. "Local shops are best"
Pages are crashing. The delivery is slowest out of all e-commerce platforms.
When you have not enough super coin balance , Myntra Gift card of various denomination are available but when you have received super coins, this Gift cards are removed. What a great poor business policy.I think this is a partiality with me and customer care is helpless too. They took Convenience charge instead of delivery charge,whatever you are an Elit Or Icon member.
I like the products catalogue,delivery ,payment options n all but lately with too much updates the app has lost its functionality. I can't search vide search option. Nothing happens when I click on search on top same goes for bag, wishlist etc. Only scroll up down and left right. Top bar is permanently hanged :P after many more updates still the issue persists......chutiye log....peace out.
Really good app for online shopping with wide range of products, and good offers. I have been using it for last 5-6 years, and even after trying the new apps like Ajio, Tata cliq, nykaa, I would say Myntra is my favourite go-to place for dress shopping. It provides great customer service and the app interface is very smooth. Even when I am not shopping, I find myself scrolling through myntra to look at new styles and collection.
The functioning of the app is very terrible. Everytime i click to see a products overview there is always other products that i get redirected too or there always an error of "page not found". Also whenever i try to open my wishlist it says "something's wrong" there's really something terribly wrong with your app please fix this ASAP.
Awesome product.. budjet friendly Easy to travel Worth for money
More styling recommendations needed. Too much content on homepage these days makes it difficult to find outfits and recommendations are only based on previous order and not unique style
This app is the worse one when it comes to trust , loyalty and customer care service..their products r having bad quality and also my money got expired under their wallet credit.there is no way you will ever get back your money once it's expired..dont ever trust them and never buy bad quality products from this app.as they cheat with brands and sell cheap products..and this app is not customer friendly their team is rude and never solve your problem.
You call out a sale... We struggle to shop in the horrible site and then when we go to the cart... It Just quits.... Y do u evn wanna have an app like this.... Myntra was my favorite shopping site.... It had totally lost it's charm with the app.... Terrible experience.... The above was a review in 2015... but bos this is one of the best app.. But i notice the prices fluctuating.. it shows a different price before clicking on a particular item... after i click a different proci shows up
I don't recommend this app, first it is very difficult to track your orders, then most of the time don't have pickup available for your location to return orders, you have to courier it yourself, and most irritating thing is they charge platform handling fee, what is that? Disappointed with the app and it's UI.
I wish I could give a negative rating. Please don't buy from Myntra. They are just fraud. 1. They either send old products which fail in their own quality testing at the time of return. 2. If they don't want to pickup return they will themselves cancel return request. It was not just bad but worst experience for me shopping online. I would prefer other shopping apps
I'm uninstalling Myntra due to its disappointing policy changes. They now require a platform fee, and when returning products, you won't receive a full refund, including platform fees. This makes Myntra inconvenient for me.
I have stopped ordering from Myntra due to unnecessary extra charges charged on every order. It goes upto 100 rs extra with platform fee and convenience fee. Didn't like it.
Useless aap, after buying something on this app , they close their window for return aur exchange, but this tym after purchased app show error issue whenever I try to see exchange option, bad experience
Recently on the Myntra app, I selected 4 items of clothing to purchase. Unfortunately, three items showed that they were not deliverable to my pincode. Therefore, I changed the pincode to other parts of India including major cities, but still the products showed undeliverable.  Next I called the customer care and they said this might be a technical issue and it might get resolved by itself soon. However, it has been a couple of days and the fault is still there. Unpleasant customer experience.
For the first time I am so disappointed by Myntra....I ordered a product and then there was size issue so I requested for a return...They had to pick it up on 29th April but nobody came and now the app says it will be picked up on 5th May....And I won't be there at that time and won't return till one month....Now I wanted to cancel the return. I couldn't do that too and customer care,they don't give any option to talk to the executives. This is so frustrating...
Very fake app. Return are not being picked up and palced returns are cancelled by courier. I think they are running a scam with customer money. If you are in lose, don't run app on customer's money. Placed return of 3 orders for past 15days, it was in pending state and now they cancelled from their and saying return window is closing. Moreover there are customer service agent to take action on this issue. Customer service is running by BOTs only
User friendly application. Hassle-free shopping. Quick delivery and exchange is hassle-free
love this shopping app. Bt nowadays facing an issue regarding shipping charges, im insider Elite member of Myntra bt sometimes Myntra charges me 20 rs platform fee n 79 rs as shipping charges. I have complained many times to coustomer support, attached screenshots, reinstall app bt my issue still unsolved. It was my favourite shopping app. Really disappointed
This app is the the worst shopping app. Return pick up issues delivery agents are rude. Also when we try to connect to customer care Over chat it's only robot and when we call them they disconnect the call. And never bother to call back will never shop from here next time Amazon and flipkart are far better compared to this pathetic app.
worst shopping app , They take shipping charge and platform fee, then if the product is not good when you will return it then they just give back only money of the item, making fool to people, Ajio, Flipkart, Amazon is better than this app, very disappointing experience.
This is a dirty app, don't use it because it says one thing and does another. I talked to the company they did not communicate properly I was getting return option on Google, now it is not coming, it is a stupid app, don't use it, uninstall it friends.
Fast and hassle free delivery ,Product quality is top notch, good service by Myntra and delivery platform
I've shopped the most of my clothes from myntra, decent quality and also is same as shown online. But their services/policies for returning and exchanging the items is very bad and so I would advice and recommend that don't use this platform for shopping because their delivery agents are not decent at all, try to open your packages in front of them and also make a video while doing that.
They are Fraudsters. I ordered a shirt on 21st March 2024 through lazypay but I cancelled the order. But they didn't provide refund I called them every day but everytime I have to wait for 24 hours. This process took 31 days and between this lazypay started taking late fee, After 31 days I got my refund but didn't get the late fee charged by lazypay Now they are denying to pay the late fee. Biggest fraud in India
Sale day and I was hoping for a great experience. I made the transaction for my order and it failed twice. Both the time the money got debited from my account. I tried contacting the customer care but they were not available at that point of time. I don't understand what is the point of having a sale at such a time slot when you can't have your customer service available during that time. Utterly disappointed with Myntra. There was no one to confirm whether my order was confirmed or not.
Myntra is a scam - they give duplicate products in sale & when you escalate it they fail to exchange it with the original product by saying it's out of stock If you give a gift to someone you will be embarrassed after they come back to you by saying it's a duplicate product
Worst experience ever. No tracking of orders and no way to contact customer service either. App just shows your order will reach on time. Made multiple purchase during the sales and for one of them packet was opened. Returned it next day. For the rest of the items,delivery failed multiple times without any reason. Great way to waste your time if have a lot of it.
Have been a regular user for quite some time but now it's become a headache using this app , the seller arw doing fraud by putting fake product photos , sending different brand product and even the wrong size product And myntra isn't helping us customers if you try to contact there customer support they're automated voice just says that "you have reached the max tries " And then they cut the call Total fraud from myntra Even after being a myntra insider member such problems are happening
Worst shopping platform ,in search of good pricing i ordered sparx shoes from myntra and I got delivered old used shoes and there is no response till now I request all of you to use instead amazon or Flipkart because i have ordered 100+ products from this site and never got scammed plzz don't use (MYNTRA) 🙏 I am editing this review. After few attempts delivery agent came and take the return pickup and i am happy that my full amount immediately got refunded in the bank account. Thanks myntra
Have always trusted and loved Myntra. Have had a very good experience for the last 4 years. And now the app glitches terribly. Returnable products are being shown as non returnable, the coins are getting claimed themselves, return request has to be made with a lot of hassle. What has gone wrong?
This app is pathetic if you are exploring stuff and ordering once a week. I ordered an item and after few minutes it was almost at half price. I put new order again. But these people cancelled that second order and deliver my first order with the huge rate difference. I speak to CC person but they also not bothered about the things vendor does on their platform. I personally no where see you guys long.
Myntra has turned into a scam aap.i ordered a track pant but wrong product was delivered, so I returned it but platform charge and delivery charge was not refunded also ,they didn't have any option for delivery for correct product. Without getting any product,I lost 100₹ because of myntra own fault. God knows how many such incidents occur everyday and they earn for nothing .
it is not acceptable that we have to pay platform charges for every order. because you create this platform for business only and those who all are using your platform for selling products you can take platform charges from them not from the customers. only myntra taking this type of charges. so very unhappy for this
To be honest, last night the app was working completely fine. I added few items on the cart after hours of scrolling, today when I proceed to pay, it all just disappeared. And I had to again search for the same items which was very time consuming. And there was a bug that was making the app run (scroll) very slow. I feel let down 😞
I have never given an app review, but for this one I just had to. Myntra is an app that managed to make an amazing user interface that is super convenient to use. But, you just couldn't accept that you made something really good and just continue making absolutely useless changes just for the sake it and everytime you do something new it just ruins the user experience. Only making people confused. You have a good thing going.. STOP MAKING CHANGES..!!!
If you order quite a few items at the same time, then they tend to ship few "returned" items from other customer. I received one which looked worn and old so I started return for the same. I mentioned in return and clearly stated that it looked old. Never tried as it just looked so bad. Return agent rejected the return stating no price tag. Not sure where to print those tags if they were not shipped to me at the beginning. I may be one disappointed customer and others might be the lucky ones.
This is very sad to share that myntra has delivered me 3 wrong products which i have not ordered. It may be the manual packing mistake or whatever due to name and prizes are same for the SAME BRAND products. But when i returned them . Myntra denied to pick them up. Thus my money has got wasted. I did not get my return yet. Since the product is with all MRP STICKER WITH ME. MYNTRA SHOULD LOOK INTO THIS MATTER
The best thing about myntra was it's easy UI. The categories sorted well into various styles. The new UI looks like a cheap copy of Amazon, not sorted at all. I've not used myntra since it's last update because of it's new irritating unsorted uncategorized UI. Please switch to your last version its was much better and chic.
I really hate this app because I just ordered some products but it's not delivered at the given date and it's been delay and not delivered at all. This app is just a fraud. I'm really disappointed at this type of service.
The products listed are usually good. But mind you if you leave items in the cart, the prices are jacked up. So be very sure at what price you added the item in the cart. However if you were to delete and later ( may be after a a day or so) select the items, they will show the original price. I find this a deceiving practice. If one is not careful you will end up spending more than you bargained for.
Wors app for shopping. My Orders get cancelled automatically and the reason i got is UNFORSEEN CIRCUMSTANCES. This is the way myntra works. If it is founded below than discounted rate & u ordered it your orders will get cancelled same as mine. Don't even deserve 1 ⭐
To be very honest I have been using myntra for more than 10 years. I felt like myntra's desing service all were top notch. However from last update myntra degraded like anything. First of all they sent wrong products to the customers and also they dint have the exchange service for that product, that's not the end customer care is also not supporting to return the wrong product. I mean I have to pay extra Convenience fee to their recent update and will get wrong item also unable to return.
Worst experience. First order was expected to be delivered by 6 may 2024 but it was not delivered on 6 may 2024. When I called customer care they assured me that it will be delivered by 9 May 2024. But today order status is showing that it got canceled and reason given is "bulk order purchase". After this I called customer care to get clarification then representative replied that order is canceled because of technical issue. Then why they have given wrong reason. Also other 2 orders are delayed
Poor app and even poorer cust. service staff. For the last 2-3 months the app doesn't function the way it used to. It's slow, search is an issue. Recent is password reqrmnt in addition to otp login. On using password reset option, I'm sent a link which doesn't land on the password reset page. Instead it lands at myntra home page. If you call customer services for assistance, the staff doesn't know how to resolve. poor listening skills & comprehension & they just keep disconnecting the call.
I have been using Myntra for over 5 years and the shopping experience has been good. However after changing my handset, I haven't been able to login to my account. I have raised the issue with 3 customer service representatives, another one on chat and sent all details in email. There has been no response at all! Extremely pathetic customer service. I doubt they want to retain customers.
I ordered a pair of heels from myntra on 26th December, 2019. I received the heels in a plastic packaging without a box. The size did not fit, a smaller size was not available, so i requested for a return of the product. The product got picked up on the 4th of January, 2020 It got rejected thrice at the quality check point saying that the product had price tags and box missing though the price sticker is still there at the bottom of the heels and i did not receive it in a box.
Myntra has applied a convenience fee 149/- per order for 20 orders and have stated that it is due to higher returns on my account. As per them out of my last 10 orders I have returned 8 and kept 2. How will it be possible to check an item without wearing or looking onto it physically? If at all the item doesn't suits me then I would have the only option to return it right. By this you have encouraged me to choose other portals rather than Myntra and also the window shopping once again.
Some times you need a platform to get what you want!... Shoping app helps you to priduct what you look like in those dress!.. and this app is awesome!.. you will fall in love with this app!.. the package,delivery time and the products!... Are better than other apps! I'm obsessed.....hope you would also explore the bright side!..
Worst app for online shopping!! Recently I ordered H & M black belt and the package I received was totally empty. Also the package was not sealed. I tried contacting Myntra everywhere and then I got response that they had delivered the product which is not true. Also ordered one showpiece which turned out to be lot smaller than the size shown. I wanted to return it but it showed that I've to self ship it coz they won't be able to pick up from my address. It's ridiculous!! Hate myntra!!
It used to be a nice shopping application but lately I cannot zoom into pictures or even open them. In my wishlist whenever I add clothes and try to open it from there it won't. The app has been hanging a lot lately too. Also, some of the items are really cheap compared to the price they offered. It will be great if you fix these issues.
They are frauds. My order was incomplete. They sent only 3 items out of 4. In that too one was wrong item. Thus I received only two items. As a Bonafide customer I immediately returned the wrong item. But I received refund for only one item. They're are not refunding me for second item which was missing. These days they're running this scam. They deliver only some products of an order and then fraudulently show the order "delivered" in their app. Customer care doesn't help at all.
VERY DISAPPOINTED. My return for HRX shoes was put on hold. The shoes were returned were in perfect condition with original tags, why did they not pass the quality control check? They are completely unused and brand new. A few months earlier a wrong item was delivered and was not collected. I ordered and paid for a sweater but got boots instead, the return was never collected. I was a Myntra customer for years but now I'm going to order directly from websites like H&M, Zara, etc.
I'm a Myntra insider select member. It was my favourite shopping app. But this time my experience was worst. I placed a order of amount ₹6000+ so few items was cancelled from Myntra side after waiting for 15-20 days as they wasn't able to deliver order due to some technical issues, Then the refund they gave for those cancelled items was less than the actual amount I paid saying that card offer cashback isn't applicable. After several followups no resolution provided still status marked resolved.
The decline of myntra in recent times is horrible...... it used to be my favorite and go to app for online shopping for clothes and accessories. But lately the whole shopping experience has become drastically bad.... I had ordered a watch from myntra during the Eors this year, but never received the delivery (it was a prepaid order by the way) and when i reached out to their customer care (which is HORRIBLE)they dismissed my concern and said it was delivered, so please avoid myntra if you can
Go for others platform.. They give you worng delivery date and just go for extending the delivery date.. Not at all recommended
Very disappointing customer service and also no tracking updates or on time dilevery service. Moreover, their quality of service also downgraded. Not promising at all. You have to wait for a month for products to be dileverd and that too you have to make a call and beg all the time. Not once, twice, but all the time had the worst experience buying from Myntra. Amazon is much better in terms of customer service and on time dilevery. Not recommended at all.
Customer unfriendly appliaction. I had booked a product and already paid for. Neither the product got deliverd nor I am able to get refund as there isn't cancellation option. Option for support is chat (which is never available) and call back which they do call back, but say the se thing that product can't be cancelled. I have to deny delivery to cancel the product but there isn't any delivery happening.
1. It would be grateful of you if you let users to apply myntra credit or discount coupen for a particular items seperately according to our wish, it's really risky and irritating when the credit is generalized on all the items i have shopped for. 2. Myntra points should be much more valuable, just like flipkart has this feature of using coins while shopping. 3. The refund process should become a little bit nore faster. Else this is probably the best app for online shopping.
On Myntra I feel that I don't need to worry about the authenticity of the products. It's a good app to find whatever is your need over there.
It's an amazing app for all category parson .. it's a nice app with great choice and delivery . There are so many brands and you get all styles of accessories and clothes. they have wide range of products and brands... They always offer amazing discount on every purchase that you make which l like the most .. I really love Myntra ❤️ I have been shopping with Myntra for some long time .I always find my fevorite products on this app. Highly recommended!😊 Its a very good online shopping platform .
I ordered a pair of flats from Myntra and received a pair of hideous heels instead. Been trying to return the same for the past few days but all they are asking for is to upload pics of the item, bill and shoe box every day....which I have already done. Worst experience ever........I will never order anything again from Myntra.....just waiting for my return to be done and will delete the app for good.
These guys are frauds. They mint coupons and give it generously on every site, but their coupons can never be encashed. Every time you try to apply a coupon, you will get a message that the item is at the best available price and the coupon cannot be applied. That's the reason, their entire inventory has discounts, so you cannot apply any coupon on them. Their Customer Service is even worse. When you raise a complaint, they stick a standard reply and close it. There is no scope of resolution
Half of the things in this app does not work. The whishlist toggle does not work half of the time, Sometimes search recommendation does not open at once it takes multiple touch tries to open it, also even after adding products to whishlist sometimes it does not show up in the wishlist section and many more. This app is getting shittier and shittier with every new update.
Wrost purchasing experience. I had ordered three times and each time i have to face delivery related issues. First time, my order was cancelled without any reason. Customer care executive is always busy. They had no time to listen my problem. If you can't deliver on my address, then why you confirm my order. In future, I'm gonna shopping from this app.
All the offers displayed on the main page are never available in the cart. The prices displayed and very misleading once you add to cart the price goes up due to tax. They like showing their prices low until you decide to buy them. And finally 1199₹ for free delivery? Do you realise you are not the only platform and you are NOT selling anything unique either. minimum delivery amount is a joke. nykaaa, amazon, koovs are so much better
I Honestly Love it. I've been using it for a few years. Amazing Collections and Quality Products. If you want to get Stuff that makes a Statement and Turns Heads Every time, This is the App you need. Smooth returns/Exchanges. Very Unique too. Amazing Discounts and several ways to save yet more money.. Keep up the Good work!.
My experience is good...but one suggestion i wanna give ....that they should make wishlist for different items they are providing different items like home decor, jewellery,beauty products,clothes etc....this will become more convenient to search for the item to buy from the wishlist... It frustrates the buyer..if the wishlist is large...as many items are there....it takes so much time to download....plz do something for this if possible.😊
Sometimes many clothes was good but now days I have notice myntra loosing your status otherwise good shopping app but only sometimes
What is wrong with myntra? You have cancelled my order 3 times without any prior notice, and also what is the point of having a sale when you're anyway going to cancel the orders placed during the sale? This is not done. First you delay the order for more than 10-15 days and then on complaining, you just cancel the order very conveniently and giving some lame excuse of technical issues. This is so not fair.
Totally worse refund process I cancelled a product 13/6/2024 and till now no money received..and it's c.c always said that refund is under process...why people shopping like this..totally dispointed app and it's representative they always said that please wait a week your money was delivered your account.i mean what is this a people cancel order at 12 days ago and he is waiting for his own money last 12 days it's totally fraud and unacceptable.i am going to report a fir against myntra.
Very poor packaging service with fragile item. Item delivered is full open out of packing. I would have uploaded the delivered item pictures but there is no option here..
The app is good in terms of products categorization, payment, delivery, return, exchange and updates. It would be great to have a review option for the products. It would help customers in choosing products as per the review. One of the recently bought Kurtis's color bled despite following instructions, could have provided a feedback for this product for improvement.There are no options to directly get help; the help center is blank!
The worst app ever! The product that is shown in the image is very different from what u get, and then you are denied of return or even an exchange. The customer care staff is least interested in understandimg the customer's problem, rather they focus on defending the company. All in all, worst experience ever, would never recommend it to anyone!
Highly disappointed with the biased service provider by Myntra. I have been ordering things from the application, there was an instant when the product delivered wasn't of the quality displayed. When I opted for the return option, it shows me self return. To my utter amazement, I ordered some product from another number to the same adress and requested for return, the package was pick-up smoothly. Highly biased service from Myntra.
I am a regular user of this app and an elite member cause it always provide finest product and I can fully trust this app's product without even checking the reviews, but lately app is turning out to be quite annoying, it freeze at midway and have to restart the app several times to scroll it smoothly and some of the myntra coupons just disappeared without the introduction of any new. Quite disappoint with this recent state of the app.
Since I've started using Myntra for shopping i never have to pay for the delivery fee. Also I'm elite member and there are 7 benefits for being an elite member, one of the benefits of being an elite member is free shipping on all purchases, but now Myntra asking 79 rupees for shipping and 20 rupees for platform fee. If there's any mistake done by your side please make it right as it was before. 79 rupees for shipping charges is too much.
Had ordered 2 products...exceeded the promise date and till now I haven't got the product yet. Funny part is the item is just shipped according to deliver status timeline. And as usual Myntra is least bothered about it and desperately trying to prove that they are failing at online shopping. Edited: same issue happened again and now there is no option to cancel the item. Every time I call the support, they keep on asking more days to resolve and which never gets resolved.
Tried to place an 2nd order but same experience as 1st order, order was delayed and got cancelled. This time also delivery date crossed still nothing changed in status of delivery. Very very disappointed.
The worst app i have ever seen. Unable to update delivery status even after 20 days. Cheap customer service. Everyday they just make me assure that the query will get resolved within 24 hours. Don't even shop from this app. They will full you. Cheapest 😡😡😡😡😡😡
Terrible customer service, don't even have a number to contact any customer care representative. The delivery guy calls you to come and take your delivery, and then himself is absent from the scene. Then tells you he will come another day as he is already back to his office. Never using the app ever again
I am extremely dissatisfied with my experience with the Myntra app regarding a refund issue. It has been over 20 days since I initiated the refund, and despite numerous attempts to contact customer service, there has been no action taken. Each time I reach out, I am told to wait another two days with no resolution in sight. it's outright negligence and disregard for customers' time and money. Amazon,Flipkart and meeshoo are better than myntra. Useless quality of the product is worst, prices high
Fuzzy free online shopping. User friendly UI, easy to navigate, good product with a reasonable price and my overall experience shopping has been great.
This app is good for shopping... Easy to exchange, return n refunds are very good. Except for the delivery persons... It will be good if there's a way to rate them, so tat they will be gentle n polite. This present delivery boy who delivers in my address is very rude
The delivery service is the worst you can expect. My product says delivered when it was clearly not and when I raised a complaint they are again saying it was delivered. I have not shared the OTP with the receiver and the product still shows delivered. What's the point of sending OTP if this is delivered to any random person without the OTP.
Lately Myntra has onboarded EKart Logistics as well as their delivery partners and those EKart representatives are awful. Every time I try to connect with their delivery representatives for an update on my delivery they don't answer or they would just disconnect the calls and always deliver my orders after 3-4 days from the TAT. I've raised this issue a several times with Myntra but there's absolute no action on it. And I'm a Myntra Icon Member. But can't be a loyal customer anymore.
First order not to my expectations, the order which was placed cancelled without my knowledge stating that 3 delivery attempts was made, no proper response from the back end. The chat support is pathetic, n call support is a waste of time only ivr call.
My experience was good with myntra but recently, The issue I'm facing is whatever the item i want to Order it may be Jewellery dresses it is showing as not deliverable. Hope this issue gets solved quickly as I am eagerly waiting to start shopping..
I hav ordered a product which was suppose to deliver by 1 day they mentioned the delivery as express delivery and its been more than 3 days I still didn't receive the product I don't even able to contact the chat option it's always buzy I think myntra is broke to maintain chat support and if I call the support they are giving silly reason and making me to accept there fault they are mentioning the product is near me and iam answering them the product might be near me but not delivered to me
The app shows that my order would be delivered within two days but at the day of delivery it always gets delayed and after that they don't even tell you when it will get delivered, so unprofessional and it causes problems for the buyer
It's always been great experience shopping on myntra .Great interface and very easy to sort things of your comfort and choice .
I have booked a product from this app in first time. But didn't get product after delivery date .when I call their customers care they told as only sorry.Dont trust this app for urgent delivery. Flipkart and Amazon are far better than this
Worst service i have ever seen. I got wrong product without pricetag and trying to return since 20 days now... And they always close the issue without doing anything.. This is the biggest scam to loot money with customers and they didnt even approve returns and refunds... Worst shopping app and worst employees worst service ... Never use this app... Platforms like Ajio and amazon are all reputed platforms and they take well care of customers... Not scammers like this myntra.... Scammers scammers
Worst Shopping app. Very Bad service from Myntra. I ordered around 9 times my but my prepaid order is not being delivered. They auto cancelled my products without refund. I connected with help centre but no resolution. And all this process consume my 20 days. I regret why I ordered from Myntra. They are just investing in trp promotions and zero services. Very bad customer care service
They scam us! I had ordered adidas sport shoes and i got some different product of some other brand and when I had complained and put it for exchange the exchange partner did not accept my product. Till date my money is with them and i am helpless. Big scam!
Worst experience with this application: I do not know why they are canceling orders even when they are in transit or when they fail to deliver them on time. Even Myntra's customer support desk is not helping.
Myntra needs to really work on their shipment network. My order which needed urgently was scheduled on 1st july and it isnt shipped yet(3rd july). But on 1st july the item not being packed and shipped still were showing will be delivered on 1st. They are taking 3 days to figure out problem after that they will try to give me my order. Worst incase of shipment
This app is nice but i order a shirts their app shows it will 9-11 june so, I wait but on 9 june their app shows your will arrive today. After some time their app told that your order is unable to deleiver☹️. I was waiting for 3 days for my order. I want my order. Please🙏
A lot of very bad experiences from Myntra. My orders got canceled everytime i order it through COD. I'm always waiting for my products and then Myntra canceled it everytime. It's time to move from Myntra to any other site like Ajio or Nykaa.
An excellent App.i never faced a problem in returning face.they eaisly returned nd refunded into ur bank account.i am using this app since a long time nd i can say this is a trustworthy shopping app nd specially u will never face a prob in return policy..
It has been my fav app, but recently I have ordered a product and placed for exchange, it's been a week still the product is in process don't knw when I'll get that if u will call the customer support even they don't know the update of ur product they will keep u on wait
have had great experience so far.. but this one time where i ordered a product n it showed delivered but I didn't get the product . there was no proper investigation though I reopened the ticket 4 times..n always closed saying it's delivered.. with no proof of delivery
This is a very useless app. I had placed a prepaid order which was supposed to come on 17th. Then it was changed to 20th. Then 24th and they are still not sending it. They are repeatedly refusing. I am very fed up with this.And their customer care service is also very bad.I had to give a gift to someone. They wasted all my time.😡😡😡😡😡These people are thieves, they are not giving me my parcel. It is a prepaid order and both their delivery boy and delivery manager are disconnecting the phone.
The application working is literally good but the tie up made by the company with their delivery partner that is absolutely worse. I was previously ordered various things from Amazon and Flipkart but at this time i faces lots of problem
Worst app never ever order any thing from this worst app in sale I ordered a top of 2500 in a sale for 1169 now these guys on the day of delivery cancelled it and now after taking on customer care they say to buy the top for 2500 what nonsense is this. Guys this app is very big scam don't order anything from this worst app this was my last order Myntra.
Worst customer service ever I have already made online payment and it's showing me pay on delivery And when I call customer service they tell me I have to pay again like seriously? IThis was my first time shopping from myntra and it's gonna be the last... Amazon, flipkart, nykaa and all other apps are much better than this they cancelled my order without any explaination exactly on the date of delivery.my experience with myntra kept getting worse even MEESHO is better than than overrated myntra
I gave 4 stars just because of brands available at myntra. But I'm really disappointed from the fact that if you add any jeans, t shirt etc with price tag around 700-800 to your bag or wishlist and leave it for just a day , boom prices are now 3x . This is really upsetting man. They play psychological games with us . Stay alert , buy when you are not in need so u can think and select the best. Don't buy when you are in hurry. Edit:- Their delivery boys cancelled my order without even contacting
Worst Supporting staff.. I have raised a ticket for wrong product. But they didn't resolve it till now and ask for 5 Star Rating... Even Wrong product pickup not accepted.. They send wrong product and ask for return for same product... Both the producd from same seller...
Sir, this is to inform you that I am really unsatisfied with the order that I had placed in Myntra end of season sale last week.I had placed the order for some inner wear for man but regarding the size that I got.It was really confusing while I had placed the order as I have a waist of size 32 but in the size chart we are getting some mind boggling calculation I had placed the order now it seems the size I got is really big.. Since the items are not return able but it was also not fault please
I want to cancel an item because by mistake I ordered same product twice.but there are no any option to cancellation.... If you try to call the customer service no one will be available... Chats are also un responsible...
Most unethical business model. My bf ordered Mango sweater for me, the sweater delivered was dirty and had lipstick marks, I liked the product so placed an exchange. The delivery guy from ekart put the exchange on hold & asked rudely why the product is being exchanged put blame on me and didn't exchange the product. The customer care repeated the same thing. When I am paying platform fees and even fees is being charged for returning the product then why are they harassing the customer.
Shopping experience in myntra Has been amazing. Love it's all in one integrated app features and most importantly the one and Without high speed internet it seems to be a bit slow.
Pathetic!! Such a bad customer service Myntra has!! Recived a package with 5 missing items. It was a prepaid order, registered a compliant since a week now but Myntra is still telling me to wait and no actions taken till now!! Such a waste of time! Orderer another shirt from a brand and they cancelled the order in their end without telling me that the order has been cancelled!! Totally and totally pathetic behaviour by Myntra!!!
Most unprofessional team and untrusted application and website ,with weird return and exchange policies,,they don't even change the size of the product onec u have collected the coins ,,,,even by mistake,,I am going to delete my Myntra account v soon
Very disappointed as the with the customer support team. Aranbhi from escalation team was too rude and she was unprofessional and didn't solve the issue. I have not expected this from Myntra team and how she is been in excalation team. Myntra team please look on this I was a regular customer but it made me to stop using Myntra here onwards
I ordered a pair of shoes from myntra and it's not delivered on specific date.. They said delivery delayed but.. After 3 days they be like your order is cancelled due to internal issue...just.. A trash messho is far better then myntra not satisfied ..
Mail id for my account that i used to login has been locked. After communication with customer care, asking me to send govt id for verification. While connected through call with myntra customercare i started receiving OTP verification codes for more than 50 apps and various spam calls. Not feeling safe to share any id proof for myntra. Worst app and worst customer service and worst policies.
Myntra is one of the best fashion application, good quality and variety of products available at a discounted price. Easy return and exchange experience. Must try
Actually I cancelled one product after 3 to 4 hours of placing order due to deflation of that product price but I don't recieved the refund till now it's become 24hour+ and I talk with customer service they're saying to wait for 7days your refund isn't initiated till now ... Worst app ever
Myntra is getting worse everyday. Ordered an express delivery item, promised 2 day delivery. Its been 8 days and the items are still not delivered. Also they have no clue when it eill be delivered. ARE YOU DUMB? If I ordered now it still show 2 days delivery? Support is even worse. Resolve time is 8 days? Where we are getting 8 mins delivery, their resolve time is 8 days. Never using myntra again.
They were saying they will deliver by Wednesday and now they are showing Monday. Even can't connect with them over call. Deliberately saying press 1 or press 2 . Even after pressing correct no they are not putting my call. Very pathetic customer service.
Hi, I hope this email finds you well, I'm Munsharif and place an order but due to size problem I dro a request to exchange of item, yesterday (30/05/2024)the delivery person come and said to me that u will have to come 10km far from the address provided by me where my order delivered but I was unable to go there and the delivery person marked it as a failed to deliver at the end of the day. Overall the worst app I have ever been use
I am really disappointed about my refund was not done,. My money from paytm app was debited but order not confirmed. Everytime when I go to talk customer care they always saying me to go through typical procedure that is not working too. It seems Myntra trying to absorb the amount unethically. Such a fruadential act done by Myntra.
Worst refund process. I have still not received my refund, it's been more than 20 days. Worst experience. Worst customer care. There should be 0 star and minus star ratings included for the pathetic service they give.
Worst app when i ordered itemm on discount time they accept that order, when in delivery time they blindly cancel the order they say like we unable to deliver the order i never seen like this I have ordered 10 items still last 10 days ago but no response from Myntra
Cheat app.....cheat platform....worst services.... Delivered a wrong product...took the money for it and no one is listening to the complains now....the call centre keeps on increasing the time by 24 hours at a time....myntra seems to be in no mood to rectify its mistakes and return the money it seems....
Terrible service. Cancelled my product and never initiated a refund . The customer care people keep cutting calls and the customer care chat is always filled. I personally recommend not to purchase anything here.
Veryyyyyyyyyyyyyyy Bad service of returning and exchanging the products its been since 2 weeks my 1 product has to be picked up and other exchange. The products are near me in my city but without any delivery attempt it says delivery failed. in all this rubbish the delivery and return period will get over and then😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡💩💩💩💩💩💩💩💩💩💩💩💩💩💩💩💩💩💩💩💩 will never ever purchasing. there is option @help but for NO HELP
One of the best shopping app in India , especially unbelievable offers I get .. I always compare prices before buying and it's always Myntra that gives me the best deals , I hope u guys will find my review helpful 😃... Thanks a lot , team Myntra !
Products are awesome, there's no doubt in that, Even the delivery was better. But now the deliveries are unnecessarily late, and even the option to contact the customer support is messed up
super. Myntra is my one of best shopping app i ever seen. the offer's are net level. then the quality is no doubt 100% original. guy I personally recommend the Myntra for best shopping experience.
Helpcentre of Myntra is the worst. Most Useless people. There is an ongoing issue for more than 2 weeks and there has been no resolution yet. Helpdesk asks me to wait for 24/48 hours everytime and yet here I am waiting since past 2 weeks waiting for my refund. Update : After writing this review, I cannot even reach the Helpdesk number anymore. They seem to have blocked me. Way to go Myntra.
Worst app ever. Delivery is too late. Even after cancellation they are not giving refund on the account. Worst customer service. They don't even talk. Only computer version talks
A complete scam and fraud app. I had ordered shoes during sale and Myntra automatically cancelled my orders and hiked the price of shoes. The irony is the app shows cancelled as per your request. I request everyone to stay away from this fraud company.
This is the worst app for shipping the delivery boy didn't called me and all products scammed. It's true they literally didn't deliver the product and mark as delivered.please don't download this wast app please if you don't wanna wast your time.
I have been using myntra since 2020 and I used to love it but recently I am disappointed with their services. It's second time I have a received a different and cheap quality product than what I ordered.
myntra is very useful platform for me i took screenshot the product from your app ,then search it on Google, find it on other app in much lower price buy it from there🤣🤣🤣🤣 your price is very much higher than any other app talk to your seller, thats what your customer service people say, lower your commission and stop apply unnecessary charges.
Got a product without tags but they are not returning only asking for tym I am constantly contacting them but they are not ready to speak a bit about it they are only saying that I have to go more and again more after 3 failed timelines they want me to be patient. Fraud app
Everything's so far so good ,I only have a problem with their levy of platform fee , I mean they fkng charged me 20rs as platform fee , and when I read what it was , it said that , it helps people use app and search for products more efficiently, I mean bruh .. isn't that your app developers job? Waste of time
Nowadays Myntra is doing spam to there customer. If u want to return anything the delivery guy will not come to pick up the product ,he will just simply they will put the return on-hold stating product didnt pass the qulaity check. And we are not able to talk with customer care or whenever we are trying to reach the delivery guy he's number will be always busy
Worst in service. I have placed order 10 days ago till now i didn't received the priduct but they marked as delivered. I'm followup with customer care from 3 days till now they didn't resolve the issue.
Myntra doesn't care about customers. I just deleted my account previously now I tried to sign up for new account but they blacklist my number and I won't be able to signup with same number. The reason I delete the account before was your worst service now its still the same. Worst shopping app I have ever seen
It has now become a professional thief, it always multiple fees to loot and fool us by adding platform fee, enjoyment fee, convience fee, and more hidden fees like this which makes any product costlier. Not recommended anymore.
Myntra is running a SCAM AND FRAUD ! Sending false messages and mails about instantly transferring refund into UPI and bank account but not actually transferring the money. When customer care is confronted they are saying technical glitch is there and fooling customers, saying we are sorry and money will be recieved soon ! DON'T ORDER FROM MYNTRA!
It is pathetic. I placed an order on Myntra but order was not placed and money was debited from my account.After waiting for 72 hours as they suggested, I called support.she told me to wait for some days and created ticket for me.I checked that ticket in the evening.The ticket was resolved without refunding my money or without informing me.I again called support, she informed me they did not recieve money so resolved it and I need to contact my bank.but nobody cared to inform me about resolution
Very poor customer service. Be careful when you order any undergarments, they deliver a used one. Doesn't matter if it's very expensive also
Worst app!!Does not deliver there products on time and when the products are in offer they place the order but did not deliver and say it has been canceled due to some issues
I wanted to return the product as it was looking little damaged and placed the request very same day. The delivery agent for pickup cancelled the request as tag was not there. After call with customer care they approved the request, but the agent came when the return/exchange date had crossed and on not finding the tag he too cancelled the pickup and now myntra is asking to self ship as the return/exchange date was crossed and that too for delay from there side. Highly disappointed !
Worst shopping app I ever had there customer service is also not good at all I placed an order on myntra after few days it was cancelled and now it's been 1 month now I still haven't got any update or refund please go for Amazon or Flipkart don't purchase from this site!
Bad delivery method. Every product is now taking 15 days for delivery. No status update. No tracking update . None of your customer care works and knows about the process and resolution.
one of the worst shopping app. I am not getting my order since three days. The app is showing my order on delay. and the issue is not getting resolved.
This is the worst delivery app I have ever ordered in my life, automatically cancelled my order which, I will order in offer price and it is already confirmed, i will request to new people who will try to order in this app ...use other delivery app please do not believe this Myntra app.... worst delivery 😡😡😡👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎
App is ok but there customer service and quality check service is useless. According to Myntra brand name is mandatoryon dress but received dress without brand name now they refused my return request they are saying it was send after all quality check pass but brand name is missing now I need to pay because of there fault.
Worst customer care,It is already 4 days late and yet they didn't delivered my order,and delevery partner not even called once ,and they are sending sms of attemp failed,worst experience,and I already payed money through online method,by showing fake issues they are just looting money
Such a pathetic application..they don't deliver your products on time and when we contact their customer care always they said that "we have raised a complaint of your products wait for 48 hours for the update" and then after 48 hours they say the same things over and over.horrible experience.dont even download the application guys.
Creating Return is very difficult task. No one cones to pick up. After a oint they close ur return n u have to keep that item forcefully. Worst service ever.
Best in everything :- 1. Genuine products with reasonable price 2. Easy & hassle free returns OR exchange 3. Cool, exciting, fashion at peak available all the time 👍👌😍😎
Very bad experience.I ordered a product on 12 june which waa supposed to be delivered on 17 june but even today on 20 june the item was not shipped. USELESS APP.DONT USE IT.. Finally my order was automatically cancelled.
Worst website ever. Coustomer support is even worst. They won't respond properly. Ajio is better and cheaper for same products and brands. Worst delevery experience and these guys won't accept the exchange and return. We need to wait for 3-5 days for the response from these guys. They will close our concerns with out giving response to us. Worst site to buy and worst customer support even
Not a good service they don't have executive support . Noone pick up the call I just got one number from the app sameas for the delivery partner they also do not pick up call . Please don't use this app.
The worst worst worst shopping app ..my returned product doesn't got refunded and also my another product doesnot come with the MRP price tag..it only came with the seal tag..I have issue with the product and exchangeed it they didn't take it for the exchange or return..I was trying from 14days andeven the customer care were also not available..such a careless app
Worst order delivery. I ordered shirt from Myntra 7 days ago delivery partner isn't picking up my calls neither calling me back . Delivery person puts status out for delivery every morning and they fail the attempt in evening saying I was not available when they aren't even Calling me or giving me any response. I thought it's issue for one order then i cancelled order n placed it again . Again the same issue . I'm never ordering from Myntra. And I'll make sure my family members also won't order
Myntra is a good app but the delivery agent is the most rude person, I have had packages from other apps too never had this complaint, but the delivery guy was so rude, he shouted on us for no reason, I won't ever be shopping from myntra again
Totally wasted time I was ordering one pair shoes suddenly the app going back means all shoes are fake prices and this aap is totally scamming and be aware to this aap this app now totally fake never trust prices because they suddenly say out of stock which we want they only come for scamming I again say that it's fake aap now I never ever trust to this aap
The site of Myntra is littraly doing fraud with coustomeras I ordered redtrap shoes and wating twis after applying exchange of the one Large no. And they are technically cancelled it Also d myntra sale quality of products is to cheap with high prices I always spend money on mytra but as compared messo giving better quality
O don't like this aa because I brought an order they gives wrong then I registered return complaint and first time they says we need full suit set but they just delivered only dupatta then how I give them full suit set second time I says and it's not come third time registered return complaint same they not come so it's is worst aap ever so please before install read this ......🙏
App is bogus plz dont download it ...their service is just horrible ......everything is good till u have to call customer care then ur nightmare will begin...Egift card purchased on 5 Nov 2023 cannot be used due to faulty resend option where otp is not getting accepted till now. ....so issue is not resolved....if u guys don't know how to solve a issue in 15 days then refund my e-card money that is stuck because of ur pathetic service....also everyday I get a message to wait for 24 /48 hours....
This is a very bad app, my order was canceled after being successful, without any information, when I spoke to the customer care, they said that the seller has been canceled, so we cannot help you in this.
Worst & third class app and brand. Almost 11 days past and still didn't received refund. Other business applications are the better than this. Not at all acceptable from such famous brand. No one respoding on support email, ridiculous.
Absolute garbage customer support and help. No matter how much I tried and where all I visited for my parcel from Myntra, all negetive. I would reconsider to get anything again from this platform.
Worst app, so much delay in changing the number, and their ivr is the worst, you can't get connected with customer executive easily. For everything they ask for 48 hours time. Every for the account update.
If zero would be the option I should have given that.... They didn't deliver my stuff in a definite period not taking any action on the complaint i registered... Worst app... Either opt for another app atleast they have courtesy to respond your complaint... Worst... I would give 0 star
There are no return policy for free. If the products are not according to the customer's satisfaction and if they want to return them. Myntra would charge 50 or even 100 ruppes for the return of the product. Which is not fare. Won't be ordering further
What are u doing if u don't have this product? The why u take orders, If u take order you should deliver it on time...😡😡 What is this behavior it's going out stock ok but when it came back, order on time, but I still don't get my order on time.. Why? You are just shifting delivery date fofirst 8 than 10 or 11. Now,you cancel it by your side..😡😡 Amazon, flip cart, mesho, and other platform nerve did this, This is the firs time Iface this type of service by any e-commerce platform..very dis
Crazy how they dont let you post reviews about delivery and packaging. Recently recieved my order (shoes) in a box which looked like was taken from trash. Nothing wrong with the product but packaging also matters, specially when you buy it for someone else.
Worst experience with Myntra.I had been trusting Myntra since long time but now the purchase on this app has bad experience.They don't refund the whole amount which you pay for the product when you return it.
Worst customer support . Even if I didn't receive any exchanged order it is showing order delivered. I raised a ticket regarding this but still the issue was not resolved.
Completely a fake app, I am not getting resolution for my issue. I ordered 2 costly dresses from app and it cost 5000. I received only 1 dress and when I raised complaint there is no resolution for this.
I am a new user in Myntra and placed The order. The delivery time was to be 3 days but now It's been 2 weeks delay and I've not got my orders. They just say there they are trying to get it faster but then also they say it will get 5 days later. Very Upset with this First impression of Myntra. Now I WON'T THINK I'LL ORDER BACK AGAIN WITH MYNTRA . Very Late Delivery Service...
Making fake delivery attempts, For the purchases made during the sell . Finally cancelling all my ordered items without even my knowledge and not reaching out to me. #worst user support experience #Worst deliveries .
Your service is horrible, I have ordered size 9 and you have delivered order 10. I returned back the order and requested for 9 again 10 was sent today. This was done twice. Never expected such hopeless service from Myntra
Very bad app i ordered a hrx shorts and prepaid it if i set it on cod they will also deliver it at night, and they scammed me , i purchase for 400 ruppees but they didn't deliver it, and now its price is 1200 ruppees worstest shopping app ever, at all i didn't want to give it 1star rating so don't buy anything from myntra . Now I am very angry from this app ,😬😬😬😬😤😤😫😡😠😠😠😈😈👿👿👿👿 . I will complain this problem to court .
Pathetic delivery service...my order is just being dispatched in my city from one store to another..its been 15 days since I ordered...and they have delayed..why don't they clarify that they don't want to deliver my order to me!
Very pathetic service, I had ordered a kurta set and the order is already delayed by 22 days and still now they don't have an update about when will the order be delivered and everytime I raise an issue and have a conversation with the customer care they all have the same reply to wait for 24 hrs for the update.. and still I am waiting for an update since 22 days. Sorry to say I was a loyal customer of this e - commerce , but from now onwards I am not going to use their service.
Worst shopping experience, delivered wrong product,which I had ordered on 8 th June still (22 june)no solution, and every customer care service person saying only one thing " we are working on it, and you will receive updates soon but dates over ni solution and agained I called to customer care service and they said same lines after 3 days same lines after 5 days same dialogues but so solution waste waste water service, customer service centre is only for name sake , no use for customers.
Worsted customer service and worest dilivery product there was my first order to mytra they send me product which is open by the siled it looks like not good but they don't want to exchange the product it was an use less aap to download and to use I will be going to police station to give them a fraud complaint and I will make tha social midia video to show the reality of them by the product
It has been my favorite platform for 5 years.I just like it but recent order is missing. I request to a complaint but they are not responding positively.laungage also problem they have only hindi and english.
Worst app ever I have purchased something on it and made payment and order is not confirmed but now I'm not able to raise complaint that neither I got the items nor I get my money back as they don't have any customer care service available
I ordered something at a very good price. And they cancelled it after a few days. You lost my trust in my first order itself.
App experience is fine. The delivery in Pune is not good. Most of the delivery take 1-2 weeks to fulfil. The delivery is also not that smooth
It's a horrible app please guys dpnt shop on this app first I also used to love this app but recently on mothers day I purchased for my mom a suit of kalini brand and when the delivery it was something else some other dress of some cheap quality and some other brand and with other colour it just ruined the whole thing for me I have been complaining sce many days now it has been two weeks since I complained but no responsiblity for resolving customer issues. Please guys no purchase from myntra.
it is fabulous experience with Myntra. I found many dresses at very reasonable prices. overall I am completely satisfied with the products and prices.
I am very satisfied with the experience. Though I may suggest making the app compactable for multi-tasking.
I loved myntra very much. I started shopping through myntra for a very long time. I purchasing for my whole family, undoubtedly a better branded app, and they never send fake brand product till the date. Thank u myntra☺️☺️☺️☺️
I don't know why it is not producing high-quality images after I reinstall it. It looks blurry. Now, i can't examine the fabric as i used to do earlier
Myntra has the worst customer service. They are frauds, firstly they deliver the wrong products and after that they refuse to exchange or give the refunds. Nobody in customer support is ready to help their customers they just throw that scripted statements on your face. Will not recommend anyone to shop from myntra.
Worest support from customer care as they don't care for customer issues I have ordered my shoes last one week back they are unable to deliver in the time as flipkaart Amazon do they don't know how to follow the SLA for the open tickets waste of time to shop with myntra really iam giving 0 ⭐stars
Hi everyone, Please before you order something from this u should know about the return policy actually i ordered a dress for myself and i got different colour so that's why i need to exchange my order.. First there is no style exchange support and second if you return then they deducted the delivery and shipping fee . Example i paid 616 and i got only 509 .
A filter to exclude brands would be better. So time consuming when you have to select the ones you'd prefer buying.
Myntra is avoiding customers to raise the issue and they delay our package without informing us and they have no idea why package delayed and delievery boy not attempted any delivery and update fake status that delivery attempted and person available at home so totally fake people and fake things they are doing, even customer available and they are playing game with customers
I am very selective about shopping and brands.I have purchased many clothes and home furnishings from Myntra.It was a wonderful experience every time.They have good and quick return policy in case we have to return goods.Happy to shop on Myntra.
Disgusting now my mind is like no shopping in future from this app I had done lots of shopping from Myntra At last point they are just making fool I am ordering something different or they are sending different one . Next is courier guys very unprofessional Cancel by their self or took Paytm always at their number no Myntra website or UPI all payments I had done in courier guys personal no .
Myntra Exchange Nightmare Constant Cancellations! Tried exchanging an item on Myntra, but the exchange kept getting canceled. Huge waste of time! Not happy!
Very very cheat and worst customer service . No delivery came for exchange and no complaint taken..and it's very difficult to talk to customer service. Hate it.
I love to keep on shopping on Myntra. You are free to buy your favourite items and for any reason, you can return or exchange without any trouble.
The first order received was totally fraud, requested for exchange or refund more then 3/ to 4 times but no any response , and worst experience here . Other online aaps are better then this . Big 0 star
They cheat the customer & customer care & escalation desk is of no use...... They have charged me higher for the product but at time of refunding they are paying me 100 rs. less by saying you have used early access to the sale.....
Delivery is not good, it's Very slow. They delay a lot. I have ordered 1 track pant on 15th Jan 2017 and still not delivered it's 24th Jan 2017 today. Courier service guy said that he can't deliver at door step because he is 12 KM away from and he can't come and he is telling to a customer to come and collect. Seriously??? Again Myntra's express delivery sucks. Never delivers on time.
I had a bad experience with an online payment. No refund was given even after I provided proof that the money was transferred from my account to Myntra's. The customer care service even deleted the order history. Don't blindly trust the online app called Myntra.
I hv bought sports shoes from Myntra and I hv used them for 2days and the threads are coming out from them. Don't not purchase any footwear from it specially abros international. They delivers duplicate products and there cost is Rs1250.
Myntra is playing game with customers. I order one but it delivered a different one. I request for exchange but again n again same thing is happening. If you can't deliver then don't take orders.
Most fraudulent and cheating app is Myntra. Can't trust Myntra anymore. Price got double during EORS and increased 20% from morning to evening. In the past also during an offer period one jerkin price was raised to 700 and now price is 450.
Their customer care number doesn't work at all. Virtual customer support is AI so thats not helpful at all. Emailed them on their grievance adress but in vain. Uninstalled and quit your services.
Very bad service, I had ordered an item, I received message, order is out for delivery. At evening I have called delivery agent where are you, why you have not delivered my order they told that I had came but forgot to deliver will be deliver by next day, I told ok. But about 8PM same day I received message your order is delivered. I called myntra coustemer executive they didn't respond on this matter only registered the complaint. But no any information provided regarding my lost order.
I reduce Star because Myntra logistics Almost 6000 rs stucked because of no pickup and no delivered the products.Firstly they not sent the item which I ordered and then they don't pick product daily pickup generate but pickup not complete very bad service Myntra.
The product quality is superb but i am very disappointed by myntra firstly they always take time to delivered the order and second they can't deliver on time recently I purchase shoes form myntra firstly they show the delivery date is on 16-06-2024 and after some time product is delivered on 19-06-2023 . Myntra needs some improvement. I am really really disappointed by myntra now
It is very convenient for me no need to go for shopping offline. Here I am getting extra rewards and as an insider member I am getting additional benefit . Thank you Myntra for making life easy . ❤️❤️❤️❤️
Don't purchase anything from here, if you'll return your products they will charge you delivery or return... totally scam with peoples by this website i highly recommended don't purchase, you'll get cheaper price anywhere else..
Third class Myntra, will try running sale every other day. Delay the orders forever and then cancel the delivery saying 'technical reasons'. You can't bet on these guys planning anything for anyone for their special days. Useless Flipkart and useless Myntra
Bad service from Myntra side. Because I had a ordered 3xl whisper pads from Myntra site but, they sent me 2xl in both 2 orders. I had a complaint against the different products but, they give me only suggestion for exchange. I have applied for exchange my order. And you know, on this time the Myntra have delivered me again wrong product. They sent me 2xl whisper product again. I am very disappointed from the Myntra. I will me Raise this issue on high level in emails, in social media platforms.
Sometimes there is glitch and gets slow. Otherwise superb app for all trends just shop wisely coz if you keep check on the price it keep increasing and decreasing. So have an eye on pricing then order your choice.
Very Very Poor Customer Service and they don't respond to your queries so i felt this is the only way to express my issue. Please if anyone has the same issue show it here.
Worst shopping App. Bad experience with my FIRST ORDER.Received used and worn out clothes.Not going to use Myntra anymore. Pictures shown in the app are of HD quality but products received are of cheap quality.
Myntra is an awesome app having products from multiple brands, excellent product range, hasslefree paying and return options. Keep it up Myntra!!👏👍
Very poor and disappointed experience so so so so bad experience about the shoping two products in two days are wrong product and damage product and very poor plz uninstall this apps and don't buy any product it's totally time waste platform in June 2024
Worst app... totally inefficient team...being an insider never gonna recommend this app...caused too much trouble in just a simple return I have already shared the details to customer care million times...but the issue is not resolved yet
I'm sorry to give this review as everytime I shop on Myntra I have to pay delivery charges doesn't matter the amount. And while returning the product delivery charges deducted. Sometime I refuse to buy the product just cause of delivery charges.
Worst app ever, customer support will never support and will disconnct the call when ever they want. If you ordered non Returnable item they they will deliver worst product and will delay any complain.
Recently I got scammed by Myntra... My money got debited without my concern on this may 18th 2024. Apparently I am trying to contact with Myntra customer care service... I got to know that no customer care is not available n talking on the phone.. this is very bad service. I want my money back. Don't trust this app anymore
In Myntra, 'Select a Photo' Feature is not Working Well. Fix this Problem early. Then I can give complete Stars.
Most convenient shopping app. Prompt delivery and easy returns. Delivery agents are very good.
CAUTION: Myntra has a different policy for all sellers. You won't know until after you receive the product. You won't be able to exchange and have to return only. All your research, coupons, discounts and time will be wasted. Myntra won't help you customers and will also keep their "PLATFORM FEE". Not only this but there are many sellers BLACKLISTED from online platforms but not from Myntra. USE CAUTION BEFORE PURCHASING FROM MYNTRA. Myntra support companies selling fake goods
I have given 6 review about the product I bought and myntra have given me 6 scarch coupon in my prize section and all the 6 coupons were "BETTER LUCK NEXT TIME". One of the worst app in terms of giving back prize! 👎🏻 👎🏻
Worst app with worst customer service, never gonna buy product from myntra again, worst experience with refund system. I have ordered one white block hill and returned it due to size issue and never received my refund now it's been more then 1 month their is no sign of any refund. I have contacted with my bank support system and they said their is no sign of any refund from myntra, bank said myntra need to re inititate the payment. But myntra,not ready to re inititate my payment.I need my refund
Disgusting and pathetic service,I ordered 5 products 10 days back and o received one product and that too size issue. Excellent things happened by myntra one shirt and two trousers canceled by the myntra, and in below mentioned that I requested,they told me address was not deliverable where 1 order delivered at the same address and that too after 10 days and another shoes canceled by myntra with technical reason that too after 12 days, and even canceled exchange also.
Very Pathetic Service they picked up the goods but they are telling didn't received the product and raised complaint immediately but no use. Customer support is very very annoying Service.
Getting service worst day by day... I have completed insider icon criteria even though not updated even after complaints..No resolution provided... 3 sorry coupons for cancelled ordered given but none is working... Care executive have no proper resolution for almost any issues .. wah myntra wah... Pathetic
Worst delivery service. Don't shop here .10 orders has been cancelled till today (21 may 2024) . I placed many order but Myntra delivery agent didn't deliver my order at my door. Myntra always canceles my order without my permission. I escalated this issue to escalation team manager they assured me many times but failed to resolve my issue.
Please make sizes available.... especially XL and large... footwear too is always out of size...basic size like 39 and. 40 should be made available ..footwear does not carry alot of discount..which makes the shop price and online price nearly the same....
Superb app. If you order one design they will send you the different one. If you call the customer care they will never cares you. Great going. 🤐
There's a problem with filters. For example, when I have set a filter of short sleeves, it's still showing long sleeve or 3/4 sleeve options.
Such a pathetic app and service also , I m buying from Myntra since 2011 but now I regret about that my recent experience with Myntra is very bad , worst experience I have ever come across, the order they got from users are different and they delivered different And the exchange and replacement policy is so useless Don't buy and don't go with prepaid First check the order what you got from Myntra then pay
Useless app, delivery person keep insisting on asking for OTP when I told him that the person who ordered is at work and in a meeting and take OTP afterwards after calling that person in some while, even after making payment online what's the use then if you people harass your customer like this, pathetic service
I ordered Dhoti worth rs- 683. Received wrong size & colour. So I placed returned item. They're just refunding 395. Why so? Where's the remaining amount 288? Why they're charging such a huge amount. Why will I get only rs 395????
I have ordered many times from myntra and it was quite good but once I received a order with 2 pants Instead of a dupatta and the customer service is not good the chat doesn't even let us explain our problem.
Very bad app,they are not solving customer issue, even after sending wrong product,in return process quality issue raised and making fool to customer... Don't use this platform 😡 Still after so much return request, issue not resolved but , tickets are automatically resolve by them..... fooling customer...need to go to consumer court against Myntra and Flipkart Now it is clear you guys are buying good reviews
Very very good app especially for the peoples who shops a lot . All product is available in this app. I had shop a lot and no product has problems on it!!
I have ordered a dress from sangria worth 1333 and not delivered to my address. But the delivery status shows delivered .No sms regarding delivery. No calls. I have raised a complaint no solution. I have talked to their customer care but no solution till date. The ekart tracking ID showed the packet is at karimnagar hub. But I'm in Kerala Trivandrum. Dress is lost money is lost. Fraud people. I would never suggest this to anyone.
Recently I have ordered one kurta set but my order doesn't placed and money was deducted from my account. Now I wanted to talk with the help center but (help center) option keeps buffering. Can't do anything.
don't use this app no exchange and no return ihve exchange the product allmost one month still not resolved, customer support very worst waste of money and time.... unused product...no response wrost wrost no use this app work Myntra service never buy any product..not suggest to any one
They shows items in the display but don't deliver the items to the customer.. also cod is not available......and after complaining many times they don't give a solution
Their customer care procedures are very bad. They take complaints and are unable to resolve it on time. Then they close the complaint as resolved on their own even if the customer is still facing the same issue. It is sad that I will have to stop using this platform, I was very used to it.
Myntra cheated me by sending wrong product, wrong brand name, no tag and sent in brown packet. No open box delivery and refused my claim. Also didn't refund me the amount for the item which was picked up after successful quality check. Fraud company refusing reinvestigation.
I ordered a dress on May 3rd, which was marked as delivered on May 7th, but I never received it. Despite multiple complaints, Myntra denied my request and didn't provide delivery details. After 17-18 days, I finally received a refund. This experience was very disappointing.
I haven't received my order but it has been marked as delivered. I'm unable to call the myntra logistics number as it doesn't get connected. Worst service ever from Myntra. Very disappointed and angry.
I think it will be better app for shopping if there are more and more choices like health,Excercise,Electronics,Home decor etc
delivery boy who came for exchange was continuously on call and not even know minimum courtesy and he is shouting when i asked him to give our product first and then do your calls he literally shouting iam scanning the product but he is calling another customer and asking their adress i can't take this misbehaving for purchased a dress cost 2000 ,iam uninstalling this app this is my last purchase in this app
Day by day Myntra is getting worst.i had ordered .kalini kurta set from Myntra few days ago and they delivered me used product. At the same time they are not ready to pick up the product . It's been 4 days having placed return but there is no update. There customer care service is also not very helpful. They are not ready to resolve my problem
This is wost app they never refund ur money back. They make fool of us by sending message that money is refunded but they never return money back now they have done this to me twice wost wost wost please don't shop from this aap
This app was good but now it has become completely useless, it is only focusing on promoting with big people, it is not paying attention to improving its services and it has also decreasing the quality of the products
Worst app no customer support no proper knowledge to help center ...... This online shopping app never return your self courier products amount and it's really shameful that i am trying from last 2 week and no help i got till now ......
Fake customer support. They just pretend to help you and solve your query, but actually they just make fake promises and never support you for your complaints. This is the 3rd time happening with me. Very disappointed with the service. It doesn't deserve even 1 star.
I cannot gift my entire order? I paid for it but then it's not even showing which order is going to be gift wrapped. Cannot contact customer support as well! Very bad.
I installed Myntra for the first time in my mobile.After that opening Myntra app I got coupon then I applied the coupon to my oversized t shirt (star fox brand t shirt) and placed the order the order was to be shipped at 17 June Delayed by 19 June and then cancelled by the Myntra company. what is the reason of cancellation I don't know but Myntra had to response it .otherwise then I will complaint on Myntra app Just the same thing happened like Aishwarya k reghu
Fraud company these are scammers they charged money for priority basis but delivery coming very late and staff is also very rude on call kindly don't shop with this fraud app worst experience with their ekart delivery person also they're also not picking up the calls they don't send the stuff as per their commitment
Shopping from Myntra has always been a wonderful experience ❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️ I always upgrade my wardrobe because I get awesome products on Myntra. Shopping is equivalent to satisfaction on this platform.
first time bad experience in Myntra shopping! I ordered the tshirt and I cancelled the product for size issue! and they are showing me refunded me in Myntra details but they not refunded my money and today is 3rd day ! I just called customer care they are saying technical problem pai pending hai what technical problem? kab hoga refund?
I am definitely not suggesting to any one for purchase from Myntra last 4 days I am trying to connect with team for my refund related but no one helping me out for same excutives and senior are giving just time line for the same I done UPI transaction and as per policy+1 day is refund policy but 4 days passed away still Myntra team not giving any solution although not sharing why is it happening worst services
All other online platform is far better in the delivery senses, Without reason & consent my all order got cancelled.& Message showing is cancelled due as per your request. Customer care says sorry for inconvenience 😔
Myntra app is my go-to for all my fashion needs! Easy to use, great selection and fast delivery. Love it !
Worst app to order from i have ordered 2 products which are prepaid...it is saying delivered but I haven't received the product yet and there isn't even a call or sms..the customer care doesn't work do not order from this site
This app is not good. Don't want to return after ordering once. I am very sad with myntra's policy. Your return for the product will automatically get cancelled there is no proper customer support.
Why do I not get the option to login using email. I am always getting mobile number option. Please resolve this ASAP. Why should I wait for 30 minutes for such error from your side?
forever favourite app!! using it for the last 5 year n never faced any difficulty in anything. every thing is top-notch from service to products I love it
I will give myntra 1000 stars if i can...i ordered makeup products from myntra on 31st may and i had a night function on 6th june..the order was expected to be delivered on 9th june so i spoke to myntra help center and They delivered my order on 6th June at 5 pm....Myntra has the best service and the quality of all the products is amazing...the best shopping app I have ever seen
worst experience , i recommend not to buy anything from here, ordered earbuds, waited for days, reached to nearest hug, got cancelled by their system due to "unforeseen Circumstances", saying that it's a technical issue
You have the worst service and management......U didn't give me my product took my money and in the end after so many calls just said sryy......I am never gonna use this app after this experience....☹️😞
I have ordered 2pairs of shoes among those one of the shoe is improper and not packed correctly got the tag without the seal n also raised a complaint regarding this issue no resolution received yet only the system generated answers are getting and the delivery executive came and said that was used no proper response from the concern team This is such a horrible experience I think I may not going to use this app further and also I'll suggest to all untill I get a callback from the concern team
I ordered a product the delivery expected after 8 to 10 days then after 10 days delivery rescheduling without any confirmation and this happening again and again wow Myntra superb service you need 10 days deliver 1 chinos pant and still it can't reached to me I'm frustrated with this behaviour 😡😡😡
Very disappointing, Everytime I am putting a negative review about a product I bought from, it's not getting approved, that means the reviews reflecting on screen about any product are not real.
Bad experience with the myntra because I order the bag on 25 th may 2024 later then I I cancelled the order but didn't gave refund till it's been 6 days already they saying after 24 hr another one saying 48 hrs now they given me time like you get refund on 31st may 2024 but its to bad yaar never execpt from myntra
Such a bad experience , when I order the Total price was showing 919 for 2 order (shoes or shampoo ) when the order gets in transit it says shoe price is 919 for one order only and 170 for shampoo so the total price is 1090 , 'KYA Chutiya Banaya hai Bhyi myntra ne'
Delivery is too late. Sometimes it shows product is out for delivery but after sometime it shows delivery will be reattempted tomorrow. This is 2nd time where my product is getting late by 5 days.
Please stop giving video ads every two second... I have always purchased with myntra check my history.. But it's so irritating now I want to end this and delete app
App is quite user friendly, with various valid sort and filter options for searching the required products online..
Very bad delivery services from myntra nowadays... late dlvry instead of given date delivery and also the same always delivery executive copy paste a message that no one is picl up the call thats why delivery will be re-attempt..
Not able to Login in the App. Multiple attempts made for login using OTP and Password but still not able to login.
my money is stuck and they don't seem to be helpful at all trying since 10-12 days but they only tell me to wait but the problem never solves . not at all good service
Never buy anything from Myntra prepaid payment option.... they didn't deliver the product and update that product was delivered....if you raise complain their agent says .....we can't help it bcoz it's logistics partners mistake.....poor service's.........same on you Myntra 👎👎
We ordered shoes but it was worst quality and we purchased for 1103 inr but when we return it we get only 996 inr when i call to the company the told that their was 79 inr for delivery and 20inr for app 10inr for cod so i told them to give my 1103 inr but they refused to give so this app is not working properly they have their own rules which 8s not announced first thats all a robbery of our money
Giving 1 star is also worst for Myntra. I have been following up for my refund from past 20 days. And the team is still figuring out the problem. Worst team and app.
MYNTRA prices are always high (sometimes too high) when compared to other portals or the manufacturer's online site. Always compare the price before placing an order.
Their return policy and method are very poor now. it's been 7 days and they have not returned my money back after returning a tshirt. first gave me a tshirt without a price tag then took 2 days to verify the product before returning it.
I have been very disappoint with Myntra survice,it's been almost 1 week I have been trying to request to change my Registered mobile number in Myntra ..and no response and no reply ....though I am a genuine costumer ....Myntra should look into it...this is the main cause company fall down kindly look into my issues
Dont order upi or digital payment. The refund gets stuck sometimes. Order Cod only. Refund doesnt come on upi sometimes.
Those who are regularly purchasing things from myntra, check once on amazon and Flipkart app because things are same but myntra pricing is higher then other app don't know why, even brand is also same.
Used product sent and when I kept for exchange they are refused to deliver the new exchange product. Even though I wrote a review about the product when I received within 15 minutes myntra don't approve my review now again asking me to raise complaint and I have to wait few more days to receive my product. Very unprofessional behavior to a elite member also.
Bad customer service. Last week I ordered a wedge sandal and there was size issue. I want to return it back but still no calls for the pick-up. And the most funny thing is everyday I'm getting a message from their team 'Pick up fail- we'll try again tomorrow' 👎 wow just wow..now what should I do with this sandal..duh!!
Their IVR sucks. It's a vicious loop.Service getting deteriorated drastically. Received a defective product now they don't want to return the item.
In ads it shows that this app has trendy clothes but it has not much choices and it has all crop tops , no normal tops available very bad clothing options
Myntra customer care is the worst they don't resolve your issues, for exchanging the order Myntra delayed my delivery and in a few days canceled my exchange and the return date of this order is due till they canceled my order So regarding this I have to call them again and again explain them everything into every call again and again to resolve the problem and this so frustrating. I have called them regularly for 2 weeks still my problem is not resolved.
I am using myntra from last 4-5 years. But 1 st time service is extremely poor and customer care are not replying. I have made a order on 16.05.2024. Still order not delivered. Deliveey boy is not contacting me and in app they are showing delivery attempt failed. When I am using help option, they are using customer care is busy.
I had been shopping from Myntra since around 2017. It was always good.. but nowadays you guys are delivering different products diffective product so many times.. and also I have faced problems to return the products. Delivery agents are being so rude to take the return.. please look after the matters and take proper action..
Please don't use chat bots for addressing customer issues. It's weird talking to AI and it hardly understands any issue. Human driven customer support was far better than AI driven customer support. Thanks.
It was worst app i was placed an order 2 times.. image shown in that picture is excellent but item is worst.. and different item will send 2 times do not trust this app
I am uninstalling your application as everywhere on Facebook, Instagram, Snapchat, etc it shows discounted price of the products in the advertisement and when we open that link of the product it shows the original price on the Myntra application. It should not be your way of bringing customers to your site or application.
Worst shopping site ever. They cheat customers by sending damaged products and then not returning them! Done with this app. Recieved an empty shampoo bottle, despite sending photos they fail to acknowledge their mistake and blame it on me.
Myntras products are duplicate, packaging so bad, because we purchase costly product and they send like garbage, second bad thing is they do not approve our review below 3 star. Thats why next customers cant get real information about product. Delivery also nt in time. I am gonna delete this app.
They fool people in such a way that first they take prepayment by telling people about the offer and when the time of delivery comes, they cancel the delivery and then return the money after a week. They keep our money with them for a week without any interest.
Always best app for shopping however now days it's very difficult to understand the UI. Kindly make simple & user friendly like it was earlier.
This is the worst online shopping I've ever seen in my entire life.. Very disappointed! I've ordered many things from Flipkart and Amazon but I've never experienced anything like your bad service anywhere. First thing, you removed the the costumer reviewing option for your products, it is actually those reviews that make us decide whether to buy the product or not. I know it's your CHEAP way of doing sale. Second thing, I've seen products being given different prices at different times.
Product are cheap customer care don't have knowledge about product. also they are not delivering product on time. Worst experiance. I have been using Myntra from long time but now a days they are providing the worst service that why I have deleted my account as well as application.
It's wonderful app and one of my fav retail app. The Myntra insider is a great attraction and insider points gives you lot more options to explore. The app still needs to handle traffic during sale time well as it hangs while doing transaction...today only i face it couple of times. But still Myntra app is best, love it's featuring sections...you guys are doing well.
Hi! The whole menu bar at the top of the app doesn't work.i can't see categories, notifications,search,wish list and i can't access my shopping bag to checkout.the top menu bar is not responding at all but the bottom menu works just fine.ifthis continues and people are not able to place orders on the app,we will just lose interest.please fix this asap. Thanks
Horrible and Rogue company, I ordered 4 things and out of those 4 items, 2 tops were returned because they were completley different from the shown product image+ customer image [myntra's customer reviews can thus fool you as well] and I ordered a basic nivea cream which never reached. Hopeless service!
Worst customer service, they don't care about their customers, I got a jeans on 9th May and I had size issues that's why the same day imade a return for that, and the quality check officer came to pick up and said that there is one brand tag missing so please go to customer care and ask for help and he will come to pickup soon, but he reported that it is a wrong product to company. Since then it's been 3 weeks I'm trying to return the product exactly the way I got it. And everyone is rejecting
Won't be shopping from today onwards.....when I ordered some products they apply convince fee+shipping fee and when I dint like product i returned it but amount credited to account was just product amount and not paying the whole amount back .....
Your refund procedure is very poor. Two of my refunds, including for exchanged items, are still pending. Despite multiple follow-ups, one of my refunds has still not been credited, and I am continuing to follow up on my money.
Had a terrible experience with myntra. Payed extra to get the try and buy option and it is of no use! The delivery guy messed up and returned the wrong item and I was left with a product which was not my size and the product which I wanted was taken by the delivery guy. Customer care was useless and their only solution was for me to again order the same thing which was at a higher price and I couldn't use my new user promo code again and this time no free shipping as it is just one item. The whole point of try and buy is to make it easier for the customers ... You guys just made it a whole lot difficult for me! It would hage been easier if it wasn't try and buy 😑
I have ordered a puma shoes on 3rd may and delivery was delayed till 24th may. So I cancelled it but cancellation request is still pending. What is wrong with myntra?!!! I didn't expect this type of service.
Myntra is the best shopping app in India. After I purchased from more than 10 different sites, from different places for the last 5 years, in terms of buying clothing and apparels, Myntra always stands out in the crowd. The products are very authentic, up to the mark and most importantly, whenever you receive an item, you will hardly ever get the feel of anything being second hand or already tried before. I would not name such leading shopping websites in India, where products often come used.
I have never been disappointed with this app. Both order and refunds are readily available. Even the quality of the products is superb. Loved it.
They are theives. They take your money and don't deliver products. Then refuse to cancel orders. Been following up for 3 weeks. And only thing they can say is that pls give us 24 hrs we'll get back to you. Ridiculous. Theives
In the return product section the amount of money being returned is shown way less than what I actually paid for the products and the company has made talking to a customer care executive so hard that we can't register our complaints and get them resolved. Another company trying to fraud customers in sneaky ways.
I have received the wrong product, and when I asked for a return, they said they could not process the return even after I had video proof. I mean, when they cannot guarantee whether the right product is reaching the customer or not then what is the use of such apps.
I ordered a product and today it was to be delivered. When I went to check more about it ,my order was cancelled.Till yesterday they were saying I would recieve the product but today I was really sad
Upset with Myntra's help centre. I have been trying to exchange a product as I got expired one. Everytime I complain I am assured that I will get a valid product but in return an expired product is delivered. Total of 5times the same expired product is delivered. Not sure what to do next as I dont trust Myntra help centre now. Hope Myntra rectifys it atleast now.
I like the app interface many small adjustments like shoe size chart how to measure size and filter option is veryuseful many features available in filter option and definitely good interface I love it
Pathetic ecommerce app, don't order products from this app, they don't deliver the products corrreclty, most of the times orders will be cancelled on delivery day without proper reason. Worst customer support service, not much help from them, they close the tickets without resloving issues. Don't waste time by ordering products from Myntra. Stay away from this.
I ordered royalson handkerchief from myntra and they delivered local handkerchief and when I raised request for return they always pend it for any other reason. By the way other products i received are of good quality but this time Very disappointed with the service.
It is scam I ordered 32 size they delivered me jeans on It was written as size 32 but when I measured it, it was size 38 size so that I had to return it and they will get platform fee without giving me anything they cheated me of 80 rupees.
Too bad service. They don't returned product after 1 month of calling them almost daily spending more than 1000. Everything wasted and they can't do anything except creating new issues resolve without any solution call them again repeat the process money already wasted.
I ordered a item.and I can't able to return.there is no option for that it showed cancelled.but i received the item.when i able to make cal customer care.it cant get connected after trying so many time.Myntra is now going to frauds to innocent people. Ajio is now better option.
Bad experience.. from Myntra The product return process is very bad They're not helpful... They send wrong product and they guys are not... And the didn't send orginal product.. And didn't send refund also This is very bad experience... By Myntra
The app stops abruptly and the scrolling experience too is not smooth. Edit Style exchange feature is awesome
They're cheating people. Once order delivery than they can't change / return the product. They have some point and activate automatically and try to show you redeem. As per point you can't change/ return the product. Worst app I have ever seen. They don't have any options to change the product.
I have worst experience from Myntra ...I ordered a trouser and received a low quality material ...there was peeling in the clothes but I didn't notice that time...but when I put it on refund they told me that there is no tag in this product...then why are u sending a low quality product?
Been a month but hasn't refunded my money. Every time they say to me to wait for 24 hrs and still no response. Very very unprofessional staff and very disappointed with myntra. Lost all faith in this app.
I ordered a pair of jeans, and they were supposed to arrive on the 19th. But then they changed it to the 23rd, and now it's 27th. The price went up from 623 to 863. Feeling a bit disappointed about the delays and the increased cost.
Poor customer service .... On customer care no. Only computer talks there is no real person to solve ur query. I ordered prepay order through UPI .....money was deducted and sent to Myntra but they didn't confirmed the order and didn't resolvey issue
It's such a useless thing. I ordered a dress and it got marked delivered. I checked cctv in my building asked the guard. But I didn't receive any product. The customer care keeps saying to wait for 24 to 48 hrs. Since 9th of November. I still haven't gotten my refund. It's almost a month now. They kept saying that it's almost done just need to check in with logistics. Now they are not even connecting me to an agent through call. I wasted my money and time. This app just scams you out of money.
Worst app ever seen in my life,I ordered bag in sale now my order is automatically cancelled no problem reason they give I need this bag on urgent basis first they delay my order now cancel it what can I do??? I attached screenshot with it Don't use this app
I've been using the Myntra app for quite some time now, and I'm thoroughly impressed with its range of offerings and user-friendly interface. Whether you're into fashion trends or looking for everyday essentials, Myntra has it all covered. What I find most appealing is the variety of brands and styles available, catering to every taste and budget. Overall, Myntra has become my go-to app for shopping, offering convenience, variety, and excellent customer service.
Since when the delivery partners are changed, seeing lot of scams and poor service. Parcels are cancelling automatically and one product is delivered saying multiple were delivered.
Very poor service by Myntra if you just given wrong contact number mistakenly you can not correct it and change it. They will cancel it. You will not able to track this is just third class service by Myntra. Very poor and disgusting.
Ordered cloths in offer and after 5 days they are saying unfortunatelly we have to cancel your order due to unforseen circumstances. Then why you allow that type of sellers who dont keep stock. It dont happen in amazon and flipkart.
Worst service... I have order wrong size.. and I cancelled order within a minute but only half ammount credited as a myntra credit and my half amount not credited.. and no one response from customer care service... Bad experience bad service.😡😡😡
Very worst experience. After paying 1311 by Google pay still now my order has not placed. They don't know anything about it. Very bad support. Don't know i will get my refund or not...😞😞
The delivery agent picked up my return order but I am getting the msgs that pick up was unsuccessful. The customer care said that they don't have access to deliver agent contact numbers. This is serious case of security concern let's say( with due respect to delivery agents) if delivery agent made theft or any harm, then whom should contact to get the details of the delivery agent if customer care doesn't have access to delivery agent then what can police do if they don't get proper details.
Problem with login itself...after completing all steps of login and entering OTP you are returned to 1st step of login again....problem after recent update maybe....all items in shopping bag and wishlist also wiped clean
Bekar App hai..........my experience was very bad with this app because they are charging for return product and fault was there because they came to delay for pickup itme ....and you have to pay charge to deliver boy 👎👎👎👎👎 this app have no any free returns
This app is full of frouds i ordered 3 dress in sale .. they will confirm the order first and then they will cancel it after a week .. and they will say sorry sir its an technical issues...... Total frouds
"Provides Large variety" Its a great App for shopping for yourself and your loved ones. ❤ I personally prefer Myntra over any other E-Commerce platfroms 👍 but one thing which makes me unsatisfied is that the app doesn't provide some extra discount to regular customer (based on the quantity of items purchased in past or any other criteria) because as a regular customer it is our right to ask for something more and special treatment. 🙂
I have cancelled an order 2 days ago and since then it is showing that my refund had been processed but I still haven't recieved any amount in my bank account.
They do fraudulent activities Whenever you get an item at good price they will cancel your order without any reason You can't trust them They sell used clothes and cheap quality clothes Also they sell fake products in the packing of original
Worst experience at Myntra. Ordered product & applied for return but very poor response from the team and later message received as could not picked up as it not as per quality standards of the return policy though I have not used the product and tags, bill etc are attached in proper way. Never failed pick up at other shopping apps like Amazon Flipkart.
The customer care robo is in loop. No matter what option I'm trying, it keeps repeating the same menu again amd again. Also the chat assistant is not if any help
Its been 10 days i still have no refund amount After returning the product and Very bad customer care service beacuse there is no help line number though i have search the customer number from google but it didnt resolved my issue and nxt time i have to be careful if i want to buy anything from this app 🙏
Love the small customer friendly features on the app like you can categorise your wishlist, you can search for a specific category in the wishlist, you can just swipe on the items while scrolling thru the app without the need of opening every item to view it. Just a small issue with the wishlist, when I scroll down, after a while it stops loading more items. It jumps to the out of stock items. Please fix this.
Myntra is simply amazing! It is one of my favourite online shopping apps. I have been using the app past many years. And day by day I'm getting addicted to it more because of it's amazing features like express delivery, some discounted products and quick and easy resolution of any problem. Kudos to myntra to grow bigger and better!
This is very bad experience with Myntra. It is only one who is taking taxes from the customer while flipkart, Amazon and snapdeal nobody is having taxes from the Customer. When you will visit over the Myntra app then they will show very less amount but when you will at the final payment page then price will increase. I bought one pair of shoes but due to size issue i had to exchange. When I placed the exchange request so at that time price was less as compare to actual amount that I paid.
The site has a worst issue on payment and processing the product. I tried to order something and after the payment was done it never showed any update about the product. And I've faced this issue thrice on myntra and got my refund and this site is really annoying now. If it was once or twice it would be okay but this is three times in a row and even after complaining, the problem is still there. It's better to use some other apps.
I have been using this app for a very long time. had been very happy. I never faced any issues except for past few months. App is not closing abruptly but it hangs. Only option is to keep closing and reopening until it starts working again. Specially if i try to search then for sure it would stuck. Please get it fixed.
Well i had a very disappointing experience just after using it once . This e-commerce company will not turn a bit in order to help you even if something goes wrong from their end. Well i am sharing my experience, hope it does well to you. I ordered 3 items , that 3 items were supposed to come in a single packet , i received my packet on opening the packet i got only 2 items and one item was missing .they decline my problem . So please check when you order more than 1 item on delivery
This is Useless App.Your order never be delivered and after cancelled due to your mistake.And The team myntra was extremely bad.
Ordered some boxers from their app but received a completely different product. I know that such products can't be returned due to nature of product but what is the customer supposed to do if you send a completely different product. Then the customer care says that there's a disclaimer saying that product delivered might change. That why do you guys even put an image for the product. You can simply mention that you won't get what you see. You will get what Myntra wants to send. Very bad experien
Worst customer service ever. Once product delivered to you, process of exchange or of refund is not smooth. Customer care agents try to sympathize you but won't solve the actual problem. ( To myntra: Please don't try to fool customers, be responsible and solve the problems and issues created by your team)
Great collection but the apps user experience & customer support feature is ridiculous. They will keep connecting you to a bot that keeps marking the issue resolved instead of actually resolving it. The only alternate way to connect is on call. They cancelled an order because the delivery agent refused to deliver to the guard at an office address - what even? Is there a way to add instructions on the app? Nope. Only e-commerce platform to lack such basic support.
Worst app don't buy anything they are cheaters...they only bother their customers too much.... products are also of cheap quality
Mynta is must have app ..all type of variety...lower to higher... everything is available..easy to use and convenient
If I could I would rate it a negative! The service initially was really good but the recent experiences have all turned out bad. The customer service sucks and they do not have any control over their supply process. Defective or wrong products delivered consistently. Pickup process not good. They do not pickup orders and give false reason that customer requested reschedule. Time to stop using this shopping site.
I have a really bad experience as I wanted to return a ladies suit & later I found out that it can not be returned or exchanged, with the clothing item uou expect to try it & if you don't like it you should get the comfort of exchanging it or return it..I would recommend you all to go through the policy thoroughly. But I think over the time myntra has degraded itself.
Worst experience ever. My entire shopping cart got cancelled without any reason. Worst shopping website. A single star is way to much for this useless app.
I have ordered from Myntra 4000 rs but 2 kotty t-shirt not delivered but it's shown delivered to the Myntra app. I have raised complaint through Myntra app or as well e-mail or call 3-4 time but no resolution recieved. I'm totally disappointed and customer care agent not friendly and rude.
If you put an honest review criticising the product, they do not approve it! Also, don't know what wrong with the app, I had around 30-40 items in my bag till yesterday, which vanished out of nowhere today ! Earlier they used to have a lot of additional coupons and discounts, but they have reduced to almost zero now ! You will get them at same price directly from the brand site ! Many brands like AND, Accessorize have no new collection on MYNTRA now ! Even though they have it on their own site !
Used to be an excellent portal where one could have bought the best, latest & new fashion products at great prices, however of late (as it usually happens once you get successful), they have started retorting to short cuts to increase profits (which is fine as along as customer is not short changed) - erratic discounts, selling old & used products as new & announcement of sales where the prices are in most cases higher than the non sales period. I'm stopping my further purchases from Myntra.
Worst app for shopping,it's take plateform fees and if you return the product plateform fees doesn't refund. Very disappointed by Myntra.
I love to Shop on MYNTRA. I have good experience in it whenever I order I got good quality products .. I like that.
Since past few weeks the app lags like I'm running this on 10 year old phone. I'm using Poco. scrolling is bad, weird ghost screen taps everywhere, random crashes, sometimes the notifications doesn't even open the app. It has the best UI (IMO) for a shopping app, but issues like those mentioned completely ruin the whole experience.
Cheat of a company. Myntra delivered me a wrong product & when I raised the complaint with Myntra they simply said "Our system shows that correct product is delivered to you " & they refused to return the product or help me any further.. I feel cheated.. very pathetic service.. 😡😡
This app has gone from being user friendly in the past to utterly rigid and confusing settings in the present!! The refund options are chaotic!! Amount is divided into four different pieces and two different bank accounts!! I'm not even using my old bank account!! Why can't i get my refund in the source account ONLY!!!
Whenever I am clicking Shopping bag, it shows the numner of products which I have saved but it doesn't show me any products in the cart. Its just giving me an error which says "something went wrong, please load". Not sure what happened, looks like myntra app is not working for me from couple of days after becoming an elite customer. What a waste, I wanted to buy clothes and now I cant.
Customer care is one of the most pathetic and disgusting. No one is picking up the call even after holding the call for 10 minutes and they have mentioned that we can request a call back option from their app which is also not working. Try to send mail to their email id which is sending automatical mail stating they are not accepting any kind of mail rather asking us to call them back.
Previously in the yr 2018-19, Myntra used to be one of the best shopping apps but recently in 2023 it's one of the worst app for online shopping. 1. Myntra charges Rs 10 extra for every items in cash on delivery mode. 2. No cancellation of order is possible even within 24 hrs if you have ordered by mistake. You have to reject the item at doorstep in order to cancel it. 3. Myntra helpline number never responds in any queries. 4. The prices of every items changes every hour like stock markets.
Worst app ever. Ordered a suit, it was small in size which I applied for return and refund. But refund money never credited back to my account. Contacted the customer service multiple times regarding this but all in vain! One of my friends had similar issue where refund money was never credited. Never do shopping from myntra if anything goes wrong you cannot get back your refund money! Disappointed
I recommend Myntra App for shopping, good quality products, great customer support. Loved it
This is really really really unexpected from such trendy site ( Myntra ). I've ordered a watch ( Tommy Hilfiger) and the product was shown while ordering was absolutely fine and beautiful and this morning, I received the order even just 10 mints before I got the one. It really disappointed me. As soon I rcvd the delivery, I unpacked the same and the result was disgusting. The watch's condition is like it is already used and the product which was shown on the site was totally different.
Would be really great if it shows pairing options also. For ex: a complete set of shirt,pant,shoes,belt,specs etc that can go along together.. this way we can choose any of the items in the set or the whole set altogether. That way we can beforehand know if they go well together if we buy the entire set or atleast few items
Its completely fake and fraud website. What they show on the website is completely different from wht they send. When the product is sent, price tags or whatever they mean, they do not put it on-purpose. They do mention the same name, price, barcode etc. On the polythene bag sticker inside which the product is kept. Customer pays the entire amount before it is delivered. When you want return, they deny request because tags are not on the product which actually they have never put!! Beware!!
Worst experience during this season. I ordered two items. One got delayed due to any unexplained reason and the other one I was expecting to deliver on time. But suddenly got message that the delivery is failed. No delivery boy called or contacted me. And it's been almost ten days now. There is no response from the team. It is the first time i get such a bad experience. So disappointed
It's amazing app and the customer service is very attentive
Extremely friendly app and easy to use.
The app is causing lot of trouble in ordering. It consumes so much time and wastes all of it. I can't order anything from the cart. It's pathetic. Earlier it was so much convenient to order I have not been able to order because of this issue. I have logged out still the issue persisted then re downloaded it again the same problem. This way you would loose your customers.
Worst experience with Myntra. Product quality is not good and cs is too worst some what meesho is better than this.
I just installed Myntra and signed in using my Google account and phone number. But the app is showing a different name and address when I'm signing in. The customer service didn't even acknowledge this as an issue. I'm using the number and account for other apps as well. No issue anywhere. The app is hence a huge security/privacy risk. In addition the freezing app screen problem also persists.
Myntra provides lots of options when it is the matter of stylish outfit in pocket friendly budget. But it creates a huge problem of cancellation in a paid order delivery. I ordered a dress and paid via debit card but the dress has not arrived in the stipulated date. When I wanted to cancel the order Myntra is not allowing me cancel. Worst experience ever.
Not able to login using my credentials. GETTING A PROMPT ACCOUNT LOCKED. Even after 3 months Myntra is not able to resolve the issue. Seriously, even after 4 months they are not able to share the reason for deactivating my account nor they are able to reinstate my account. Ironically, the customer support has raised a new complaint and have sent a link to track the status of my complaint which requires me to login to my account. Update: It's September 2022 and still my account is blocked
There best online platform to buy item , they are providing good quality of products
Very bad experience with the app..most of the products are not genuine and in case u return them citing genuine reasons...then they target u saying u have more returns..and charges inconvenience fee on every other purchases. Please provide genuine products..and that too most of the products are different from the images shown..They even removed all the items i had wishlisted and limited my access to the insider.
Price should be bit cheap ...then everycan afford and get Happiness 😊 Thank you 😊. JAY SiyaRaam 🙏.
Previously it was my one of the best shopping app. But now a days, its just horrible. I try to search something and it never shows any results. I tried to go with the categories, then also no results. I am trying to login after I re-installed thinking that it would resolve the issue but now I am not even able to login. HORRIBLE EXPERIENCE!!!!
T shirt is of good colour and texture as shown in the picture and is worth it for buying , its pure cotton and soft for wearing ,
Now myntra has become meesho. Sending duplicate cheap quality clothing after it is acquired by flipkart. Highly disappointed.
the quality of products is very good the price is reasonable too and the packaging is good too✨️
Excellent green jewelleryset. Very happy with the product. Quality and design both are awesome 👌
Very easy going application products are good suggestions are accurate and there are various brands
Pathetic company. They do fraud with customers. They sell horrible quality products and if you return it you won't get refund. This is my personal experience
it's a good app and nice quality products are purchasing in this platform and every person enjoying to buying a good quality products so good
Give always best quality or every fabric that I purchased and also in makeup products it's a fabulous app
Worst experience. I order the pant in highlander brand but I received worst short pant and that pant has the dust and very old pant . Myntra this is worst behaviour .
Useless app......please guys don't buy anything from this app...they will not give you refund after returning the order...and the product qualities are really very bad....worst app....worst worst worst.....
I have placed multiple orders on myntra but this shows i haven't placed any. Because of this i cant track my orders😡
This is the best site for shopping. Best quality. Best products. I always shop from here.
Great shopping experience everytime, customer service is fast and effective
very good and very reliable, and fast delivery .. never disappoint me
Service is amazing. Return and refund policy is very flexible and customer oriented.
Very nice app to shop your t-shirt and shirts . At also give so many discounts
Beauty products are very good and reasonable price. Thank myntra
Myntra has a great variety and is always a wonderful platform to shop
Myntra is too good app. Delivery and return are very easy process.
The blush colour was super amazing......and the delivery processing was so guddd like fastest delivery
I like services of myntra , they provided always ,, it is best shopping app in fashion category
Good. One star less is delivery date is too long everytime.
Very goog for shopping every Product quick delivery and easy return myntra provide genius product always
its such a stupid app i never came across they deliverd me wrong product but did not accept my return requst pls do not install this app nonsence app
very poor service.this merchant places orders automatically for pay on delivery if issues occurred on payment gateway
I am very satisfied with the Myntra. On time delivery, perfectly covered products, nice quality of the product. Everything is so nice and arranged in myntra . I appreciate the every efforts that Myntra takes for its customers 💯👌👌
I tried so many shopping apps and their customer service🥲😒 was very bad buy myntra wow🫶 their customer help open 24 /7 they solve my query thanks 🥹
E kart courier METTUPALAYAM very bad service. still they are not providing ordered items. Myntra take action plz.
The app is good and the clothes quality is excellent and here is new and fashionable dress and clothes ❤️💫
All product are good and affordable. App easy to handle
The one star is only due very very slow delivery than other e-commerce websites. I love the quality of products that myntra offers to us but it takes double or even triple time to deliver to us than any other websites. Also the costumer care support is not that good. Lets see in future this rating can be changed to 5 stars with good review if the always late delivery problem is solved.
Amazing variety in clothing and accessories at a reasonable price, worth checking out for shopping stylish clothes and too stay updated with new trends.
Very much satisfied with the shoping experience. Geniune products on very reasonable price.
Very good app for online shopping and service, quality and delivery is better than other online shopping app.
This is a Best Platform to buy Clothes , shoes & Glossy , Fastest Delivery platform .
I'm an Elite member on Myntra, I paid for a product one month ago and the product not delivered yet. In one month I've called the customer care around 8 times and each time I call the customer care they ask for 24-48 hours for resolution and after 24-48 hours no resolution provided. I have been shopping here since 2015 but now I'm very much Disappointed with them. Taking my hard earned money for so long and mentally harassing me for over a month is unforgiven.
I just love Myntra a lot because what ever I see on their app i will recieve the same product as shown ... 🤩
Clothes are available in every size here, especially the best style clothes for faty people, you will not find them anywhere else
The app becomes sort of slow when we look at all customer photos. Everytime I click on a notification , it redirects to a home page. For example if the notification is regarding some item in my wishlist, I should be redirected to the wishlist and not the home page. If the notification is about some brand's dresses, I should be directed to a page that shows the dresses.
Amazing app and lot of offers are given compared to many shopping websites I love this Myntra Store
Have lost trust in this app after a very bad experience. Ordered a dupatta they delivered a cheap nighty that has no price tag or brand name on it. They refuse to pickup the product and refund my money because the image doesn't match the product. How will it when they have delivered a different product altogether?? Have been trying to contact customer service and get this resolved for over 4 days, no satisfactory resolution. They are just wasting my time.
Superb app..all are branded items and delivered on time.
Having good prices as well as quality as compared to other apps
Pathetic experience. I've been a customer since last 5 or 6 years. For the first time I'd received a package which didn't have a price tag and i had size issue with that item. So placed a return request and they rejected it. They don't provide you any emails or anything, you call them up multiple times, verifying the package barcode sticker and you get to know that the product was sent to you in a proper condition. SO NO REFUND OR ANYTHING. THEY'RE SAYING THE CUSTOMER IS LYING. DELETING MY ACC.
The app used to function well earlier but from few months, it's worst. If I use search option the screen gets stuck and freezes and I can't perform any other operation. If i unistall and reinstall the app then for few days it is working fine then again same issue. Please deploy the right development team to work on this. Very bad. Not sure what kinda guys myntra is hiring.
One of the best app with fastest delivery service and good quality product
Worst app 1st time experience very bad .. customer care service is worst . I've ordered 3 dresses haven't delivered yet also no response from courier partners. I'll never shop again and don't choose Ekart logistic delivery partner no communication .
Awesome ❤️ will hope to maintain the quality of products better & worth it.
I really like ordering from here and Myntra's service is very good and fast.
With every updates the app gets worse then the previous version.The app loads super slow it takes around 1 min of time to land onto homescreen after the app is fired to open.If the app opens super slow on an 8 GB RAM phone then there is really serious negligence occured during UAT. As a fashion firm I am sure you don't want to loose the customer base.
Not to be same product delivered Im will order sports shoes and delivered deferent product like formal shoes and used shoes And I will complaint by Myntra then Myntra deactivated my Myntra account and never respond any one and cut the phone call. So there public never to Shop by Myntra....to any product
Nice application for purchase and good collection of quality clothes.
This company is fraud. First they send wrong product and they do not take it back guys don't Shop here ajio and Amazon are best . Order id has been shared on given email ID Date 29/07/2024 I am adding in my review Developer asked my order details I have given it on the same date . They didn't replied , 3 days has been passed. One more I have talked with one of Myntra manager over a transfer call from the escalation desk . Even he didn't help me asked me schedule callback from senior manager.
Nice experience shopping on this app, everything is very good quality and super affordable
I ordered a dress in myntra it is delivered today but it's a wrong dress. I want to return it, but it has not updated that it is delivered. It is still showing arriving tomorrow. I want to reach customer service but I couldn't. My money wasted I want to return the order, I don't know what to do. My parents are scolding me for wasting money. I promised them that I get back money. I don't know what to do. I just want to return the order.
It's a very fast delivery 🚚 and very comfortable price money 💰 Myntra was a gooooood
Keeps getting worse. I am so disappointed. If you have money to hire big celebrities to advertise for you, spend some of that on getting the app fixed. The issues with the app are horrendous. Order placement is bad, cart doesn't show the items and the quality has also degraded alot. It's time to shift to other better service providers.
Worst shopping app ever i have order something before last 7 days they are giving some updates till delivery day but on delivery day they repaid my amount and told they are unable to deliver my order, it's waste of time and i waited 7 days for the order but they won't deliver it
I've been using Myntra every now and then and I'm very, very satisfied with the app. I love their refund policy as well, they have never delayed any of my refunds. Only issue I've faced with the app is that sometimes while trying to apply filters, it throws an error and redirects back to the home page. But it's a rare case though. Other than this, I absolutely love this app.
There can not be a worse app to go. Horrible experience. 1. Ordered a sweater, took years to deliver, sent wrong item, wrong size and then simply said its the right sweater as per their quality check team! Wow! No resolution offered. 2. Returned a pair of shoes, after 2 weeks the app gives a false update that the refund has been credited. No resolution offered. DO NOT WASTE YOUR TIME AND MONEY WITH THIS APP.
Most untrustworthy app for cloths. I ordered one suit but they delivered wrong product. I requested return, pickup person came and took photos. Later, they claimed that they delivered correct product. I made requests again twice but both times they claimed the same. They dont trust their customers but blindly trust their delivery persons. I have lost my money, dont want anyone else to loose. DO NOT USE THE APP IF YOU CARE ABOUT YOUR MONEY
I placed an order today and mistakenly chose a wrong delivey add. The app wasn't allowing to change the add for all items. The only option given to me was to cancel my entire order and place new order again with correct add. The cancellation process requires you to go on individual item and cancel it one at a time. Imagine my plight l, i had 18 items in my order!! By the time I finished cancelling entire order n made cart again, few items were out of stock and price changed for most other items!
Very bad mood due unfairness. Ordered some products on offer , got cancelled on its own and to see that they are actually back in the shopping list. The product was there so it can be delivered but they cancelled from behind with a poor reason. I wanted equity on amount refunded not equal. Totally unfair to me as someones mistake and I am getting punished. Just because its price became more later on it does not mean my order has to be cancelled.
Myntra used to be a go to online shopping app earlier but over the past few months it hangs constantly, making it impossible to hit any button- back, new product, wishlist, anything. I have to shut the app and rerun it to use it only to have it hang on me again in a few minutes. The main screen gets stuck, unable to click anything. When I do manage to type something and hit enter, it doesn't search anything and the screen freezes. This issue comes up on other phones too. Plz fix app ASAP
all brand available in one app,cloth quality is very well. delivery service is also good.
Worst experience on refund process. It always takes very long to get refund on myntra than any other shopping app . I'm never gonna shop on myntra again.
Very shoddy customer service. They won't resolve your compliant and will still mark ur complaint as closed. They won't let us change our contact options if by mistake you have entered the wrong number. Because of this the delivery agent will refuse to deliver the product to you even if you offer to show ur id proof. More importantly how the app doesn't encourage any customer redressal for compliant options is noteworthy- despite being a good customer for the last 4 years !
they suck... 1. they don't process the order when it's on discount just so that they can raise the price in the subsequent order. 2. the delivery service they use sucks big time. 3. the item which I ordered was not the same as to the item that was delivered. 4. in case you have a complaint the customer service sucks and they don't provide and kind of help. so, this is it but even after all this you all out there wanna try go ahead but I guarantee you all you will be dissapointed.
They don't deliver the things you buy in sale..they modify the contact number you provide and give the reason of wrong address or wrong contact number.
Uninstalling the app after hearing your strange notification tone for attracting towards your promotions. As a person who give importance to privacy and fine tuning notifications myself, I don't want to hear some horn honking sounds or festival sounds from as a notification tone on my mobile. This is the worst of worst experience. btb, your app was really nice and smooth. P.S: I stop using zomato app due to the same reason.
Very very worst experience with myntra, specially in delivery. Not delivering products on time very late and slow process. Amazon is best than this worst. & when you tried to connect them their contact is not reachable/active. If you have less people in your customers care then increase it on any how. Don't wait your customers. Very bad!
I had stopped using Myntra 2 years back due to repeated issues but decided to give it another try. To welcome me, they deducted the money for an order but never placed it. The customer care number is worse than a government office. The only options you get are 1. A statement giving a standard answer 2. Press a number if you're satisfied with the issue 3. Go back to previous menu 4. Go back to main menu Thanks, very helpful and very satisfactory. I don't think I'll ever use Myntra again
The app after its latest update is crashing again and again . The app doesn't open at once . At first when you open it would show a blank white screen. And then nothing happens to it. Second problem is that if you search for it then it would show *now results found* . I hope that myntra developers solve this problem soon.
It is extremely bad experience! It's been already 10 days and I've not received my order yet!
Had a very bad experience with Myntra lately. They made several fake delivery attempts, never delivered the ordered saying customer unavailable or refused to accept when I didn't. Raised a complaint and the order was cancelled 4 days later without giving a proper reason. When contacted, customer support folks stated that they cannot do anything about it and guess what, they resolve the issue and close it. Nothing I can do as there was no resolution..no reason..no help..no compensation!
What's wrong with the processing payments. If you don't save the credit card at checkout, the app hangs saying "connecting to bank, please wait". If you use a saved card or choose the option to save entered card, only then it goes thru. This is how you spoil the shopping experience for customers.. also payment via payzapp keeps failing repeatedly, and it's not issue on payzapp side. Please fix the payments flow
The delivery is very worst . I have ordered 3 times same product but ordered is getting by itself . It is reaching the nearest delivery hub but I didn't get any delivery since so many I have ordered again again and the issue is same. I have lost all my coupons ,no discount, no delivery, waste of time .This is the worst thing for a ecommerce brand. very disappointed with this kind of treatment. Worst ecommerce app .
Ghatiya service, ghatiya app. I ordered heels and got damaged product, seal was also not removed and when I raised request for return, it was shown approved and I waited for 26 days but no one came to pick it up. When I contacted support team they said why didn't you contact us earlier now we cannot do anything. It was delayed from their end and I suffered the loss of 700.
It is the worst app ever ......if any updates are there it will be not updated ... queries are not visible app is not working good
Useless app.. never delivers their items on time..They are not committed..They break their promises. That's why I don't like this app so I won't do any more shopping from this app. Flipkart is much better than this. At least they deliver their parcels on time.
If I could give a negative star....I would. This is an app with a third class customer service!!! Delayed deliveries, products sent without brand tags and sometimes without covers or product numbers. Even if you mention these laxities in returns/exchanges, they would refuse to take back the product unless you put in a verbal complaint for which you may have to wait several minutes to just get a customer service executive to talk to you.... PURE HARASSMENT!!! And all you get is "SORRY"!
Finally able to sign up and got a discount coupon. Hence satisfied and removed the negative review.
Ordered more than 10 times products are good enough. Had great experience.
Excessive Platform Fee and Unnecessary cod charges... Myntra was way better few years back now they don't even give the first time user benefits 😮‍💨
Shopping platform is too good .My experiance is also good and best quality product in all time availavle
The most convenient app and in terms of fashion its very handy and easily accessible
Last time I bought Libas cotton stitched dresses & I am happy that I chose to buy from Myntra, as the material is soft durable & looks elegant. Whenever I wear these dresses people ask me from where I got them for such reasonable price with good quality.
Such a nice online shopping app and l like myntra because of their speed delivery , the quality of the product........ Just wow ✨🥰
always recieves great product sometimes there can be a issue but Myntra customer service is best great out of all other online aap
Very poor experienced with myntra I purchased For Black innerwear panty but I got Off white one.and no return and exchange policy available for innerwear.
Awesome app ! They gives us the real product and all product are same as shown.
Worst service, worst quality and also waste of time. Flipkart and Amazon are far more better.
Wide range of products and stylish design which is perfectly match with your personality
very bad service always delay in delivery , any other shopping app is way better than myntra always...
Very bad service don't download this app Or order for here. For Delivery not giving good service. 👎 order is cancelled. So times
Such a nice and fabulous shirt. Theek fabric is very good and delivery was done on time. Thanks Myntra and snitch
This app is very bad . They give the used product and after taking three days they denied and replied that they had given the right product and quality check product.tgus is fraud app don't buy anything from this app .
I'm an Insider member, but still I can't buy many things as they say launched for Insiders only. Does it make any sense?!! A bug I guess.
Myntra is one of my favorite aap service delivery and the product of this is up too the point.
This application is very useful to shopping with easy way to get product with the lowest price brands
They are cheat took my money and did not send me the product worst experience ever . Please buy products from other websites
This is the worst worst worst app! You delivered me the wrong product and even refused it to exchange ! You lost many customers due to my influence myntra! You have the worst service You deliver the wrong product and even refused to take it back! Worst of all
This is app very useful to us and my personal experience it so good to be very here product is very feasible to buy and convenient 😀. Thanks Myntra..
I am satisfied with all products that I ordered. Quality of products are good and delivery on time.
most of the goods are duplicate... who will be answerable if good is duplicate. duplicate product can be replace or return even after use
I don't understand why i can't login with my other no. Worst Says"to many login attempt detected" Really does it even matter?
Wide range. Excellent quality. Products as shown in the pictures.
Delivery is very bad. I give address detail to delivery boy it say I came but it can't came next day it was same it was happen continuously for three days
It's really a good platform and their's have a big collection of clothes, shoes, etc Thnx all
Don't buy anything thing they will not deliver you order if you buy anything in sale or in discount amount it 3rd time they not deliver the order
Very Good, fast and lovely product app you can buy everything related to fashion with best quality💗💌
It's the BEST, quality as well the service. I recommend MYNTRA to all my friends and colleagues
Very happy with both the products I have recenty purchased from Myntra , thanks so much and looking forward for shopping again 🥰🥰👍👍
I have purchased some electronic goods from myntra which are good in condition and fast delivery.
Very poor experience from past few months.....it has happened with me more than a couple of times...I returned a product for return reason being the product didn't fit me well...after the return product was picked up.....I received a message next day stating my refund has been put on hold as the product didn't pass the quality check......called them repeatedly stating the product is unused, has the tags intact and in the same packaging. But all they are willing to accept, case is still pending
Thxxu myntra make our shopping easy and give product at reasonable rate and ur service is too good and your pickup and return service also too good.Thxxu once again ...
Very poor delivery service, everytime they faild to deliver product on time. No service assistant for delivery
App is super comfy and easy to handle and the return and refund is too fast I just love it.
Third class app you can't access your old Orders takes too much time and shows error every time
I Love you Myntra ,Because her product are so lovely and beautiful and her product Quality was very high ,and they give many discounts and offer on her product
Guys dontbuy from Myntra now, I have been an old customer but now the platform is not sincere anymore.....I had ordered a pair of shoes and received cheep quality bulbs in place of a much lower alue offcourse, I immediately reported with photos of unboxing only to be informed after a few days that my return is rejected, this is nonsense and I will go to court till I get an apology and amount refunded.
The behavior of the delivery boy is very useless, he doesn't know how to talk to people, he is absolutely stupid, I am not going to buy anything from the app or uninstalling it.
Womderful selection...Amazing deals!! Best shopping app in India
Worrest app better to choose another shoping app, why platform fee ? Is it required ? Any another app charging platform fee like this?
they failed in delivery service.cant trust this company in terms of delivery.i have order a formal shoes for an interview.bcoz of myntra again I need to apply job in some other company
Bad Company Very Bad Product Very Bad Services Damage Product Sell Karti Hai,Myntra And Flipkart Both Are Very Bad Company Very Bad Product Provide Karti Hai Both Company Fraud Baaz Hai I Had Purchased The Product From Myntra, It Turned Out To Be Damaged , I Tried To Exchange Several Times But The Exchange Didn't Happen, The Delivery Boy Refused To Take Delivery, Again I Contacted Customer Care But Did Not Any Solution.Myntra Is Doing A Scam With Me And Many Customer & Many Time & Many Palaces
SINCE 7 PLUS YEARS USING THIS PLATFORM TO BUY ALMOST ALL AVAILABLE CATEGORIES. MOST CUSTOMER FRIENDLY APP. LOVE SAVING A LOT WHILE BUYING THE BEST.
Orders not showing in my application...I have been using mantra since 2020 but now none of the order showing in my orders section
I ordered and product were missing and customer service is unable to help me and giving excuses to the peak level.
Nice quality of all products and delivering the item process is very quick, its my honour that I used application for to good outfits..
Ever best platform for online shopping With good and original quality products am using this platform seens last 4 year. Thank you Myntra.
Best and my favourite shopping app is myntra....I m always satisfied whenever i shop from this app. ❤️
Price is little bit high but over all good experience
Not provided good sarvice Order taken then they says that We can't deliver this order because that may I order on offer at 350 rupees then the price go ups to 506 that's why they say oder now Most bad service I ever hat on my life
This terrible experience now a days I suffer,due to delivery partners they are forced to take deliver product due to their working schedule,they don't understand if u are in some problem or on duty or any thing matter ,they started for misbehaving and arguing ,now a days I think I used Myntra or not because this happening ,next day delivery attempt also available after that they will refused to do this and again arguing,terrible, Myntra can shot out this problem ? Before I stop purchasing...😔
Myntra is excellent app for shopping u r needs and fastest delivery ... quality products they will send i like this app to shop
I like all stuff . All are branded n return is also easy .
If you add any product in cart..... nd sometime later if you see the cart price will be increased.........
Very friendly and accurate app way more better than AJIO.... excellent delivery and refund
There are some delivery issues with the delivery department and app is little glichy
Nice app very easy and super user friendly. Shopping made super easy
Exceptional app thank you so much for beautiful dresses for all my events and daily uses.
Excellent app,when comes to shopping .easy returns and instant refund amount was superb
I ordered a pair of shoes a week ago and decided to return them the same day due to sizing issues. However, despite initiating the return promptly, the item has yet to be picked up. My attempts to contact customer care have been futile; all I received was a standard response acknowledging my complaint with no further action. This lack of responsiveness and delay in processing returns is unacceptable.its more than 10 days and still no update ..I am really frustrated but the thing is i am helpless
not everytime but on some special season this Myntra app suprise me on everytime of my purchase. thankyou Myntra
App is my go-to place for all my apparel. Literally! The new update feature is showing a single item in particular and there is no option to change the GRID for the items display (or am I missing something?) If not, bring back the regular item display like the GRID VIEW. That's way more convenient for shopping in particular. Thanks.
One stop for all my fashion must download 10/10 I'm so happy with the products and discount thank you 😊
My favorite dress, skin care go to all things favorite app, i am very happy to shop from myntra🤗🩷
Mantra is too good .. excellent service and product is awesome or 100% real I'm so happy for this app
I just love the app. Everything I want is available here and too easy to search and order
i have purchased soany things from the app.. n there is no issue of quality... i like the products....👍👍
Actually I ordered two packs of Rakhi but I got only one and still now they didn't even bother to help me seriously the services decreasing day by day I'm not going to recommend anyone to buy something from this app
Worst service by myntra. Delivered wrong item and platform not taking responsibility. We trust myntra so we order from here and should give proper service. Wrong item delivered that's fine but Myntra should have proper support and services to replace or refund. Support team saying will try, not sure etc .. Who will ensure than 🤔
This is really good platform for all products but this is much better for clothes
It is a very useful app... For ordering Different products at Lower price than any other..I reccomened to use this app
Like Discount.... But depends on quality after delivery..please send original quality... 👍
Myntra showing sending ads in every 1 out of every 4 selected brand ! Its means 1 cloth out of four cloth is ads specific .
Each and every things are perfect & genuine. Thanks to Myntra and the Team
Worst app.. the prepaid order is not been delivered and the complaint is been closed without any acknowledgement..
One of the best applications to shop clothes on, their size descriptions are spot on!
Best app to order latest trending clothes..No hassles in return and exchange also.
The service is of exceptional quality....never seen a site with such flawlessness....
Worst Application very poor experience Offers order not delivered, waste of time and money expired soap & shampoo seller. ❌Don't buy anymore❌
Returning my jeans Was an incredible experience.Liked ur new feature where i did exchange my suited STYLE of jeans
I like to shop on this app, placing the or cancellations or return and refunds are extremely excellent 👍
Don't purchase friends Myntra is not giving an exchange, not giving an Stylish Exchange and not giving Cancellation also I am 4 years Customer but I am left this platform, Please Friends Material also not orginal, and cheepar the public market. Now iam not Myntra Customer 😄😄😄
Why u r not giving any UPI address entering space on payment page. So that we can enter any UPI address.
It's super.product is a best and exact item are delivered .good experience
worst app seen ever because anything I'll want a price is 659 and I'll go for the order direct price is 1399
Good quality products delivered & easy return service available
Connect with cheap and fraud delivery partner..unable to deliver parcels and show customer rejection even without attempting a single time
I have bought many products but never disappointed but some redtap and xtep must bring greater quality
Number 1 shoping app. not only quality of product also service provides by this app is very good 👍😊
Amazing experience with Myntra... Never disappoint.... Much better than Flipkart, Amazon and ajio for clothing....
Myntra has improved a lot from past few years. My go-to.app for shopping. Good stuff at good prices
This app is amazing at the end of the transactions happening in your relationship with the same time.
Best app for branded products, Original best quality clothes and other items😍🤩
The products are really good but the price is very high and on top of that service tax is too high which doesn't makes any sense to discounts and offers. Customer reviews should be made legible to see. Update: Great offers for the July, 2021 sale, all the rewards, coupons, myncash, card discounts and free delivery in one order itself. Myntra did a good job on this.
I have placed one order on 10th July but on 14 July still it is not shipped and customer care executive tell me my product is shipped but I am not getting any information from application. This is terrible response from Myntra.
Myntra for me is my one point shopping destination. I have not made one purchase via offline shops since the day i started shopping on Myntra.
Am a filkart customer for present 5 year and I place a order on myntra. Myntra give me amazing offer and discount. Product is also good. Am satisfied with his service.
If we are looking for a wide range of products if fashion, for our daily life then Myntra will be a good choice
Pathetic to the core. Myntra has lousy processes in place that don't give them visibility and control of their own teams and logistics partners. Despite speaking to multiple customer care reps (they call them "champions" - poor beings are on the receiving end most of the times) the issue is not addressed and they don't know how to escalate and plug the HOLES in their processes. All they give is a standard "don't worry sir" and "we can understand your concern" response. Amazon is anyday better.
I am having a nightmare from last 4 days as Myntra and their delivery team has been harassing me repeatedly inspite of letting them know the episode of the delivery person's behaviour over 6 complaints over these 4 days. I am such an old customer but yet they haven't bothered to address my concerns and make sure this is taken care urgently
This app very nyc, have much more collections and affordable price..
Best app to purchase all the brands. Delivery also on time time
Worst shopping app ever . Delivery 🚚 time is to much late .
My order missing, when I talked customer care people they haven't responded, I have lost my money.
The collection is good which made me order a few items of clothing from a reputed brand as they were on an offer. Sadly all these were cancelled later on stating 'unforeseen circumstances'. It is extremely wrong how an app like myntra can put up items on offer incorrectly resulting in customer dissatisfaction! Highly unacceptable!
Not interested in seeing pics of people i don't know in a shopping app.Facebook is enough for that.Need an option to hide this
No doubt product was/is good enough but here i'm not giving 5 stars just for quality of product, this is appreciation for delivery guy(Sukhpal singh mehra)for his honesty to his work during these peak heatwave days..🙏🏻🙏🏻
I wasted so much time viewing and selecting items for the sale I was also given a "VIP " slot to purchase but now when I want to check out during my slot the cart is not opening !! It's really frustrating ! I have bought stuff from my travel before but Don't want to waste a minute more . Ll never use Myntra again..what a waste of time !!!
Fraudster Myntra! I've returned two items but received refund of only one of the items and also another order is pending for pickup but the app shows its status as failed and now they aren't even re-attempting the delivery. And on top of that their customer service is the worst! All their representatives know is to raise tickets and ask us to wait till eternity! Total waste of time and money. Horrible experience!
It's sad to see that Everytime there is an update on this app, it gets more unwanted features, and unfriendly to use. Why do videos of products start to play with music before me opening the specific product? I need to just see a picture then we will look into the product which we are interested in. Myntra please stop this. The app is good as it is. No need to bring unwanted changes. Focus more on Fixing bugs and glitches.
Very bad experience... What the hell is this... I can't login to this app.. Rubbish...
love it without reason, when ever you think of buying something.....came, search, selecte and close it
Got damaged product , despite that the products were neither replaced nor exchanged ..Customer care response is equally bad no resolution provided despite connecting twice .. this is FRAUD
I had to edit my review since they aren't good as they were before. I still like the app. However, there is no way you can connect to a person to ask about issue. It's very disappointing. Also their TAX prices will go high when there is more discount. I'm finding many issues with Myntra. Hope this is helpful.
Myntras fine garments doth possess a most pleasing visage, with colors and patterns that doth delight the eye and flatter the form. A worthy addition to any wardrobe.
Variety of products in a good budget and also fashionable
Very costly and poor quality products ...... no proper refunds very bad experience
Worst app.. I had ₹502 ruppees in my myntra credit but idk after few days only 280 ruppees are left..
worst service given by Myntra. i returned my order but even after 10 days didn't get my refund i never face this issue with Amazon ajio I won't suggest Myntra to anyone pathetic service 1 start is also very high for rating
Sometimes cloth quality not so good as per picture, which has been given by the concerned company.
The best products deliver all other than shopping app.it is ok on every condition
This app is awesome....I give it 10 on 10....excellent service & products
Having good experience on buying different types of product, especially clothes item
They are charging delivery fees on every order irrespective of the value of cart. What they say is that for the customers whose return percentage is high, delivery fees will be charged. But the concept of online shopping is that you can return if you don't like the fitting or design. Plus, they add tax over the price mentioned at the time of check out.
Slow server. Even im using wifi when i open products it won't show photos
Fast delivery and quality was good, easy to navigate
Very very bad service ☹️. I didn't suggest to anyone to use myntra. I ordered some clothes last time. Due to the emergency i am not available at the time of delivery. The items are gone back but soon after there is no confirmation about the delivery, the items went back and blocked payby cash on delivery option also. Two times i have faced problem with delivery. Please enable my cash on delivery option.
After delivery service is very bad if you any issues with product they don't respond
The customer care is so poor in work repeating same line again and again. Poor product quality.
Very worst app. Not even understand the situation happened. When having a call with them they put on hold for 30min and disconnects the call. They can't understand the customers when they asked for reschedule the delivery date. When requested to put on hold the delivery they just cancel the order without a prior notice. Hectic experience talking to the delivery agents
On time delivery, good quality products, best price
Variety of products and excellent quality. Service is also impressive.
Awesome app with latest fashion clothes on reasonable price.
Worst return pick service...The delivery agent cancels return on their own without our knowledge... Worst experience with myntra
Myntra has great offers and the fashion collection is awesome. But my experience in the past 3 days has been awful. I have tried paying through PayPal and the order failed but money was deducted. Although the refund was made, but I am highly dissatisfied. I believe the infrastructure to handle high volume of transactions with the payment vendors in special offer days is weak. Myntra should respect the time consumers spend while shopping.
Awesome app with reasonable prices.. :) with good offers.
Myntra service is horrible and highly cheated to customers in terms of offers and utilisation of super coins. One can better look out to buy other e-commerce sites. Seriously, just stay away from this Myntra. Kindly compare the MRP with other ecommerce sites. Let me give simple example: Actual Shirt cost Rs. 1000 MRP, they put Rs. 2,000 on this they provide stupid offer to trap and cheat the customer's. Be careful and think thrice before buy anything from Myntra.
Amazing product quality and super fast delivery, I just love it 💞
Next level experience and best quality fashion items.
Return pick up is a lot of hassle. Dont want to purchase next time. Plz improve your service in this area.
Worst in delievery.. fake delivery attempts are made because of which your order never reaches you.
I ordered a stripes shirt....it came beyond my expectations with a very very great deal....
Myntra caters to all needs be it formal, casual or party wear.. Loving it
I ordered clothes from this application and I did not get same clothes. From 6th July the till 15th July I claim. But they did not solve my problem and even rejected my request later rejected.
Speed of delivery and products are just perfect
Product range is amazing.... and fairly priced... I love it but there are some. issues with the app 1. whenever I click on the scan QR code option.... instead of. letting me scan anything.... the app searches products named QR code 2. product tracking is not. working either. after several clicks the page responds and that to for a. flash of time and I am. not. able. to track the package
My experience for Myntra is tooo good for shopping. I suggest all, Only shopping on Myntra
Dont be fooled by their glittery app and Virat and who not endorsing the app. The reality is they dont give a damn if you received a damaged product or not the same product. Even if you received a brick in place of your ordered shirt. They will give you a run for your money for 2-3 weeks easily. If you call them, they will keep asking you pic of the product from all angles as if they are hell bent for not wanting to see what you mean. They want the bar code, pocket pic, leg sleeve pic, scammers
Great variations and wide selection of brands.
This app allows you to enter only positive reviews of the product, If you review something wrong with the service/product it won't be approved. Such a pathetic application.
Myntra DID NOT deliver my products and has been delaying the process of taking calls. They say I received my product however their delivery agent was not willing to take calls neither did he deliver the product. They are a SCAM.
I found better quality of products here. One of the best e-shopping store where we can find better designs, quality and good price according to the products.
Be aware of Myntra s new scam i.e selling products which are non returnable. Ther are sending it without price tags and if u raise a complaint theyvare giving reply that the product is non returnable.
Worst e commerce ever.. Poor service These guys are not solving the problem even after the completion of deadline . Taking customers for granted. Waste of time
Fun 😊 to shop on Myntra great deals and fastest delivery everything hassle free
Best app for fashion and home appliances for decor your kitchen
Price of products is low then another app and quality of products is also excellent
Good deals, nice products, and no extra charges.
This helped my lifestyle it is very nice and nice delivered nice! Nicest people! ❤🩵❤❤
Don't buy from Myntra and waste time. Order for black blazer, delivery delayed, no help wax provided by the customer support. Finally after 9 days of the order by my effort of contacting courier I got the product. But the product delivered is dark grey -different colour. Now the app says I have pay extra I have need to exchange the grey with black. Is it my fault that Myntra have such cheaters are sellers? Humble request all to go to other sites and buy else you will also end up like me.
Never buy any makup products from this stupid app . They will send you used product and when you ask for exchange they will give dates and when u ask them for updates they will say your exchange is rejected. Waste of money
App experience is really great when compared to Amazon and flipkart
Best site in every single aspect....money back immediately if we not satisfied ..fast delivery..genuine product..not giving stress of any kind very honest people..faithfull site...
I observed there are products which aged more than 5 yrs, why they kept in stock without any price change Eg: I am referring a leather shoe form top brand wch will have shelf life of leather is 3-5yrs depending on quality If we buy that product it will be damaged with in weeks
Good quality and good delivery. Very good app Myntra fashion shop.
Great interface on the app and easy navigation
I ordered a blazer which was loose so I requested to exchange the product with a smaller size although I ordered the right size( the quality was cheap too ).. But then I recived a different product which was a much cheaper handmade bag.. I complained about it.. at first they asured me that they will deliver right product to me. but now they are denying everything..waste of money wouldn't recommend this app..
Different types of products are being delivered, and we can't give genuine reviews. The app is suspending the reviews from posting. This app has made the delivery system complicated. Sizes in the app are different from the items delivered. Losing faith in this app.
Really very bad experience, i have been trying to complain about my product which i received wasn't the correct item. They delivered the handcream instead of eyecream which is cheaper than the eyecream. Have tried so many times. But they are updating the issue resolved without even resolving the issue in actual. This is what you call customer service?????
Terrible. Of the 6 items I ordered returned 4. Gave me credit of two initially and subsequently the other two. When the later two were added, the credit for the first two vanished. They flood you with emails on every product, from the order to the delivery and even return which is good but there is no email that you can clarify your doubts.
Worst experience ever!! Ordered a gift in there sale season, And it has been over 1.5 months and i have not received the product, the product is pre-paid! And not they are not even taking cancellation request! They are such a fraud!! While they are on sale! They do fraud! Never ever pre pay for your items on sale! After continuous complaints all they say is we will get back to you in 24 hours and yet i have to call them after a week when there is no response from them! At least give me back
The latest Myntra update is a complete disappointment and a disaster. Even a week ago, things were organized and orderly which had a proper CATEGORY to initiate any search from, as per my choice. The current interface is an absolute mess and looks like some cheap Indian marketplace. I think Myntra is getting paid by certain brands to promote their products, irrespective of their quality. This appears to be a corrupt system. Myntra just lost it's hard earned class. Heartbreaking & annoying.
App is really good and we are always getting quality prodct from this app. Return policy and customer service is also appreaciable.
Providing speed delivery and products are very good
User friendly easy searches and filters found exactly what I wanted
Various range of brands and much more options than other shopping platforms 👍🏻
Extracting money, very costly. Multiple view on you cart item will increase the the price happened with me twice. Once you get item delivered and confirm that you won't return, next thing you will see the price going down. Happened to me on all item ranging from 400 to 600 difference on all item. Customer service will not help. I am going to uninstall
The app has become so pathetic that one can not even imagine, the category section is gone, they mark products to be exchange completed where it's just been picked up and there's no info on when your issue will be resolved or where the exhange product is. This app is pathetics, prefering other apps going forward, the promo in the apps looks like sticker and posters posted all around with no real clarity on where to find the product category you are looking for as it's completely removed.
Hi. i love your app and i use it regularly for my shopping needs. but since the last update, i have noticed that when i click on the app launcher icon, it actually starts the app in a browser. i even get a toast message saying "Running on chrome/browser". why is this happening? the ux on the myntra app is unbeatable and i don't understand why users arw being diverted to the mobile web! pls bring back the app.
Wrong product delivered but they are not taking it back. They are saying that they have done the quality check. This scam is happening with lots of people.....
awesome app for shopping. easy returns and refunds.
I have a gift card when I purchased it's issue. I tried so many times. Please consider this issue. 08/05/2024 Can I uninstall the myntray? I still cannot place an order. 16-5-24 all done. Issue resolved.
Tried returning the wrong product with all the pic and yet they are saying the the right product is being shipped. And they are not accepting the return also. I have been using this app for a very long time. Seems like after the acquiring there has been a big drop regarding everything. Most of the review i have gone through are same as mine. Guys please visit the reviews before placing your order.
Plenty of quality choices to select from • Appropriate search filtering options helping narrow the list of choices • UI / UX (user experience is nice, pleasant and intuitive) • Delivery and Return (including refund) has been hassle free for me till now. I've never shopped so much in clothing as I have since a year ago. 😁 Wish there was a chat / email support apart from the call support.
If there is early slot for sale it important that it should function smoothly. After ordering the product 1. I did not receive any confirmation mail 2. Nor recent orders are visible 3. My trannsction is already done. This happens every time during sale. Then call customer service every time for clarification. This is really dissapointing. My issue is not yet resolved.
Smooth shopping experience. Reliable products
To bad experience late delevery and don't provide delevery boy number of we needed Flipkart is best
The app used to work wonderfully. I was an avid user. But now since past few months the app just hangs. Nothing works on it, can't click on anything. Earlier I thought it was only happening with me. So I tried to update and all. But the app was already updated. Now I use it only in case of dire need, otherwise I just don't use the app at all. Disappointing!
What a bogus shopping platform! I had ordered a rain jacket that was delivered of a completely different colour. On returning the product, the product was put on hold *because* the colour was different. I mean, really?! That IS the very reason I am returning the product for. I have a long experience of shopping online, and this is the most disappointing one!
Something always goes wrong. On multiple occasions, i have received incomplete refund amount. I have received wrong order, which they refused to correct saying the product was out of stock, and then refused to refund my amount. Once they gave me a coupon instead of a refund, which only worked for a minimum order amount. I don't know why i even bother with this site; there are plenty available giving a thousand time better service.
Shopping with Myntra is such a pleasure, good shoppong n a greay time pass too!
One of the waste app. There is no support team to talk.. we have to chat and in chat facility there is no option to type what is our problem.. a waste of time and effort
Worst app, i have been using this app from last 3 year.. it was good at that time i did lot of shopping on it. But what i experienced recently they automatically cancelled one of my order after 7-8 days of shipping and i was waiting for that product all the time besides of being sorry they did'nt credit my refund in my account. It was totally loss for me. I suffered mentally and financially. Even they didn't mention anything that why they cancelled that order. I would suggest to not go for mynta
Despite being disappointed a couple of times, I continued to use this app due to its convenience. But this latest incident has left me exhausted and pissed! My last purchase was falsely marked "delivered" and despite my attempts to resolve it, the only response I got was "need some more time" and "escalated the issue". Always asks for the Order ID and provide zero sol. Ran past the timeframe (that you asked for) 3 times already. And now I can't contact support as it is apparently always "busy".
Worstt site first they give you useless discounts on prepaid orders and after paying to them they send you some cheap product, rather than what you ordered! I've been calling customer care from past 20 days and then they say, they will solve the issue in 2-3 days and after 2-3 days, your issue on the site is seen to be closed and resolved! Not at all expected from them.... Very very bad experience!
The app turns out to be more worst than ever, it always shows error while checking my order page. Faced this problem since the last two months. The old version was way better than the current version. Had been a myntra customer since 2014, so got to use every version of this app and the older version was better compared to this new version, please fix those errors.
Myntra has been a go-to for online shopping for as long as I can remember and it never gave us any trouble but the app has become a nightmare to use over the past few months. It hangs constantly, making it impossible to hit any button (back, new product, wishlist, anything). I have to shut the app and rerun it to use it-only to have it hang on me again in a few minutes. Everything is updated and this issue comes up on other phones too. Shopping on this app has become a huge hassle now.
Worse shopping app. I'll never ever buy any product from Myntra. Cheaters!!
For a simple return the whole experience has turned into a nightmare - have been following up since Sunday for what should have otherwise been a seamless automated process. The constant reply - please wait. The delivery executive doesn't turn up and keeps marking it as pick up failed. If this is the kind of service Myntra is providing - it won't really serve them in the long term.
Just love the collections. Some times I get great brands at very less price, makes it more worth. The review section on each product is very helpful to decide on products. Only one suggestion : Some of the brand's(very few but the ones I prefer) have same stock and I am seeing them from 2 years. Need to refresh and move out old collections. Otherwise this is the app that will stay with me forever... Cheers Myntra😀
I was happy with the products delivered and shopping experience with the app. Worst experience started when tried to return a wrong product which got delivered. No one try to contact you and return pick up will automatically get extended. Customer care agent don't know what to do in such situation except raising a ticket, which will get close automatically in few days. Returns and exchange service is pathetic. I didn't expect such bad experience from Myntra. Any how my issue was not resolved.
The app doesn't support customer reviews therefore one cannot be sure about the quality of the product & moreover it doesn't support cash on delivery to my address. And the tracking system of the products customers order need to improve a lot; it doesn't provide much information, Amazon is doing better than myntra when it comes to tracking orders. The Sweatshirt I ordered is a fake one. The right pocket is short, I don't know how could one make a normal left pocket & a so shallow right pocket that it doesn't fit my hand. Annoyed.
Prices are reasonable. Good and quality products.
The variety of products and availability are good. It's just that the courier partners of Myntra are too bad, especially XpressBees. The product despite being at the destination centre for more than 3 days, they don't even attempt in delivering it. They sit for the date mentioned during order even if it is 10 days!
worst experience ever.. biggest fraud online shopping company. didn't received product not refund... and i called their customer care but no response from their side ...evevey thing scam please be aware before shopping on myntra.
All the products so satisfied. Every product worth the price.🥰🥰
My favourite shopping application because all brand here & original product. Never disappoint me
Horrible customer care experience. Their email service and chat don't work and you can't call them either. Once, I tried applying a coupon for an order of around 3000 and it did not apply the coupon saying the order amount needs to be more than 1200. What a mess of an app this is. Myntra needs to work on their app, if they have to stay in the business. Else, they will lose customers.
I love Myntra app and products available. Best part is hasslefree return policy. But from last couple of days experiencing priblem with the app. Its not taking any command other than scrolling up and down. Unable to click on any item. All other apps are working fine. Already re installed but still same issue. Please help.
Very disappointing service they take almost a week or more to pick up and deliver. Myntra will be history soon. They send a product without tags and then ask for a tag at the time of return pickup and based on that mark quality check failed. You can't rely on the mantra for important occasions shopping. I am saying this base on multiple similar experiences.
Great shopping experience and worth shopping in myntra.
Delay in order delivery ....date expected was 22 may but not received then I connected with customer care number they told me to wait till 27 may will deliver before the date n today I called again to know the status then again they are asking me to wait for 48 hours ....worst experience.....very disappointed.
Want to exchange and return my dress...but not able to do that...just stuck with wrong size of dress...everything happens but at the time of clicking exchange or return....button doesn't work and says something went wrong... And dress is of 6k..and no use...plus they says exchange only till 2nd August.... Please do check your app . Thank you.
Worst experience ever. I had placed an order which had the option for return. I have received a wrong product, and its stil not accepting the return request. I have called the customer care for more than 10 times and spoke to relationship manager at myntra. Nothing works. Not sure why they even raise the complaint and send a message tht it has been resolved without any actions. Highly disappointed with the customer service.
Learn how to lose a customer from Myntra: You spend hours searching a product. You love something and add it in cart. Come back to cart after some time and they will give you a sweet surprise by increasing the price. Now you have 2 choices, as you have spent time searching for a product you will mostly buy it ignoring their scam. If you are a smart buyer, you cancel ordering and save complete amount :D
If you guys couldn't resolve the issues in your site/app please don't give ads in YouTube/anywhere. From past few months both website and app experience is really bad. Not able to see wishlist or navigate to multiple search pages. Always giving error pop-up. Now not able to add products and some other features also giving error message. User experience is bad. Please give project to good software development firm.
Worst customer service ever, Amazon seems to far better than Myntra. I ordered a shoes which took longer than usual. I received the item but I got the defective ones so I send back the very next day.After two weeks the return item came back to me saying "quality check pass failed". They are rude and doesn't bothered about the customers. They seems to think that their products are perfect. No customer friendly. and now they have resolved the issue themselves. Amazon is the best.
Describe the products much better than any other app. But the main issue is there is no faster delivery option like Amazon prime. In festive season, if we get products 1 or 2 days before Diwali, and the product is not as per our expectations then we became option less because not everyone is living in metro cities. Which will be much more frustrating. Please look into this.
Worst experience on first time purchase! I did shopping first time and my online transaction of ₹2395 was successfully made thru mobiKwik. Infact received a cash back on it instantly. But to my surprise, order was not booked. The app is still showing the items in my cart! Moreover , its been 3 days now, neither the amout is refunded automatically, nor m able to connect to any CCE to talk nd get it resolved thru this app.
This is my first bad experience at Myntra. My order was picked up at 7:33 PM on 20th May and I received mail and SMS, but the same is not updated on app. Please fix the issue on your end and process my refund asap.  Usually, as soon as the order is picked up and status is updated at returned, the refund is processed. This is the first time I have experienced this issue. Bad experience
It's the worst shopping platform. I've ordered some dresses and returned few because of cloth quality issues, colour not shown as in image or it dint suited me Or has size issue. And I observed that myntra was charging me extra money of 300/- as convenience fee on my every order because of high return rate. Wth can I do if any of the above mentioned reasons are genuine reasons for my return. I love Amazon, flipkart and prefer to shop there instead of myntra. Because they really value us/me.
Love Myntra. Good collection at affordable prices + you get high end products too if you want but not sure about the authenticity of the high end products. Just once they sent me kurti which has little defect on it (easily will go unnoticed but in the front). I could have returned it but I like it too much, so dealt with it. Overall very good experience.
Good application. Need to little bit improvement for finding the product and filtration.
So I had placed an order for about 6k. The parcel arrived but I couldn't receive it as I didn't get the OTP required. There was some contact information issue. I call the help line a number of time the problem wasn't resolved. Then I ordered the same items again with cod. I wanted to cancel my previous pre paid orders but I couldn't BECAUSE THE APP IS NOT GIVING ME THAT OPTION. I TRIED CALLING THE HELP CANTER BUT THEY ARE OF NO HELP. My money is stuck so please kindly look into the issue.
Myntra was best before now most of time session expires. App is closing automatically again and again. No live order tracking, once it reaches delivery center it will show the same until out for delivery. UI is not upto marks. I'm seeing the items and suddenly app closes and this is happening with me again and again and It's too frustrating. Please improve it.
Exchanging a product is a painful process. Everytime I needed to exchange, the other sizes for the products were not available for my address. I had to return the order and place a new one with different size. Always ended up paying more. Also, the packaging of products is a disaster lately. I received a few footwear products literally in trashy boxes.
Nice app... Always new collection with affordable price
Pathetic !!! I've been using this app since last 3 years. . Earlier had a good shopping experience with Myntra but now I'm fed up with this... Selling damaged and used products weather they're cloths or accessories or footwears or smthing else !! And on the top of it, when you return those damaged products, they started applying delivery fee on each and every order of mine. No matter how big my order is, i will have to pay their delivery fee all the time. Disappointed!!
I have ordered octane titan watch for 10k , they are sending me damaged product & saying ur item is not exchangeable Trying to contact from last 5 days but not reachable
Myntra is trustworthy and the products are awesome. Easy return and exchange policy.
The app is always hanging recently. Can't press back button, adding to wishlist is so delayed. Overall having worst experience with myntra app recently. Though my phone is refreshed. I can't do long searches on the app anymore as the photos takes too long to load the next images even in good 4G network. I thought reinstalling will help but it's not helping.
This is a nice product with a grate price. Fittings is very good.
Never order shoes & clothing from the site that makes you fool. 3rd time order shoes & recieved the one with smaller size. On the box it was writien uk8 , the one I ordered but what inside was uk7. & This happened 3rd time with me. Amazon jabong are best for it. Also early access they charge you with the price but never refund that amount. If there would have been the option for uploading the pics I definitely would have to show the true colors!!
For last 2 months this application is not working for my poco F1, whenever , i am not able to click on the cart and see what's in the cart, when ever I click on the cart icon on top it's not working. The same goes for the back icon, it seems like the top part is not responding. Done all the troubleshooting and tried reinstalling the app, please fix it soon as I am really disappointed about this.
The ease of shopping is awesome. Add to it the variety, discounts and super fast service . 5***** service this is!! Update- The time taken for delivery is just getting longer and longer over the years! Buck up guys, can't wait so long every time!! Bringing down the rating to 4 stars!
I am a regular user of Myntra but the app has become a headache to use from past 3-4 months. The search option doesn't work. The back option doesn't work if you have applied any filter. I have tried uninstalling and installing again but no use. Even my phone's software got updated twice but the app just doesn't work. I see a lot of other reviews mentioning the same issue. They will surely lose out on a good chunk of customers if they don't solve this soon
Recent experience with return. During the current sale I have order couple of item from myntra. I have got discount of around 350rs. When I am returning the one item, myntra is adjusting the hole discount from the price of the item. Instead of discount on product. This is very bad and they haven't updated this condition during the order, That if we return any of item from multiple clubbed order they adjust hole discount from it. This is like cheating with customer.
A big fraud. You order a particular size but if it doesn't fit, then the other size shows 'out of stock' when you want to exchange. So you end up returning the product and loosing the 150 rupee handling fee. They won't refund the handling fee and now the product is also gone. So, you end up without product but oaying them 150 rupees. Don't order from this app.
I am facing a problem in opening the app. whenever I try to get access, it shows a blank page and after clicking on the screen it gives an error saying 'Something Went Wrong' There is no issue of Internet. It is working very well and i am facing on problems when i serve on other apps. Serval times i have installed it and uninstalled it but still it is giving me the same error. I Hopee this problem gets solves immediately. Waiting for a favourable Response.
The app makes false promises of exchange if size doesn't fit or whatever other issues. I ordered a t-shirt and wanted to exchange it for a different sized one but the app wouldn't let me cause the seller had since then changed the price. I contacted the consumer care and they couldn't help me while openly acknowledging that they were not honouring their contractual obligations and just kept repeating that they were sorry but they couldn't help me. Absolutely horrible service. Won't recommend.
Whenever I am searching something it doesn't appear on the search tab and doesn't show the history as well. When I type something in search bar and press enter, the whole app stucks alot. It freezes. I then have to clear my all background apps and then start again and again the situation is the same. This is pathetic experience. Please do resolve this ASAP. Hope you guys gain my trust on this app. Or else this would be the worst experience ever.
Nice App Interface. Good Services offered to the Customers
As I opted for return of my product and it is cancelled,, and there is no proper availability to contact the executive,, as there is no proper number make a call as they were telling to use pin to connect,, after giving the pin it is saying that this is the wrong pin, i have tried thrice but still it is telling same reason,, as it is my first order in myntra, it's very bad experience.
Orders were delivered on time, amazing app for buying ethnic clothes. Recommended shopping!
The prices are changing during the order for their benefits. Example I was buying a product on 832 by applying coupon 'NEWMYNTRA300'. It was showing 300 coupon BT discounted rs166. And when I suddenly back to the home page. The price came 774. And then I can't use that coupon. Because the criteria of that coupon is minimum price 799. This is a bad experience sir
Worst shopping experience! Have been shopping since 8-10 years now, I ordered a sweatshirt which didn't fit me properly and also wasn't the color that i wanted. Then i was told by you people to reorder it. Which was sent to me with dust stains over it. And I've been trying to return your defective sweatshirts, but you people are not taking back your defective product. I've been trying to get help since a week. Now I'm stuck with two similar sweatshirts. Extremely disappointed.
i placed return request on 24. item was to be picked by 26th. but not picked up till 2nd jan. i called them multiple times they are just taking complaint over complaint & saying me to wait. I'm in big trouble here. i don't think item will be picked up. it is just a matter of time my time frame for return will expire. i can do nothing. Guys this is worst shopping site. better go with Amazon, rates are almost same but reliability of Amazon is much higher than this cheap Myntra.
Most pathetic app i have used until now. I made a purchase some time ago and the product was very nasty, it was totally different from what they have shown, it was too costly product. Return was not available, then i filled in the exchange for smaller size, but the exchange failed as there was no tag on product, they selled product without any tag on it! I tried to add a review on the product, but they didn't accept my review at all. I felt cheated and wasted my money.
Best in every way.shopping, consumer service,fast delivery, refund and all thankyou
Third bad experience with Myntra - while browsing discounts are available on products and as soon as it is added to bag, discount disappears. This happens several times and on several products. I have captured screenshots, wish I could upload it here. This is really unethical way of attracting customers and then disappoint them.
My first Shopping Experience with Myntra is awesome,I got the product what I was searching from so many days,Tysm Myntra😊
This app is very tedious for bulk orders. I made a bulk order and each day they used to send delivery notifications via different messages. It becomes very difficult to calculate your total expense. You get messages based on Franchise. It would be better if you can club those messages as 1 and send it day wise so that it becomes easier.
I had an absolutely terrible experience with Myntra. First of all, their website is incredibly slow and difficult to navigate. It took forever for pages to load, and when they finally did, the layout was confusing and cluttered. It was a nightmare trying to find the products I wanted. Once I managed to place an order, the delivery took ages. I understand that delays can happen, but this was ridiculous. It took more than two weeks for my order to arrive, and even then, it was missing items.
Love it! Among all the cloth shopping apps, I prefer this particular platform. Just perfect♥️
The app works weird. Some days you can see the reviews, some days you cannot. Also, the coupons are just for show. You can never apply them. The so called selected merchandise does not show up. Also, most of the times, sizes are unavailable but the items are on sale. They have now started charging 149/- extra as platform handling fees. What for? Change the returns policy instead of making more money from customers in an unjust way!!!
WORST E-COMM ..have placed lot of orders.(now they charge me cnvnce fee 199/- bcz of higher return rate) but they don't look at their services. Mostly got lil difrnt thn shown in pics and had quality issues.. got only 1-2 correct product/s from all other orders, then how can I buy or should I buy the product?😶 Even have sent lots of photos to myntra of unmatched products, but again got defective products. And everytime (mostly) this app restarts automatically without notifying. UNINSTALLING..
This app doesn't allow sending surprise gifts to your beloved ones, because it just spoils the surprise factor altogether by sending the order updates to the person it is delivered, even though you have clearly mentioned a different mobile number for receiving updates. Very pathetic of your app. They not only get a notification but the details of the product too. Had given a 5 star rating since 10 years until i was forced to changed it to 1 today.
I am myntra insider customer. The company's customer service has become so poor that even meesho is better than them. You can't write genuine reviews on their app they filter out bad reviews about them or the products they are selling. Can't take criticism. So insecure. I ordered tea cup set and received a broken product. Complained 3 -5 times talked to 5 different agents, given date of 21st june for pickup and its july 3rd still no pickup no followup and they have closed the return window now.
For the last four days the app hangs. I cannot search or select. Every time I try to search, the app freezes. I have to go catagory wise search to find something specific which was easier when the app would search the product for me. Today when i tried to click on a product, the app hang again. Myntra team should take a look at it. I have also sent an email to the app development team. So don't write any auto response but actually look into it
Worst experience... Purchased a top which has a lipstick stain on it. . And they are interrogating me instead of getting the same retuned .. First they send a stained used product and then inspite of highlighting in the return statement it is stained still going through a lot process and asking for 3 days just to confirm of it can be returned......there many other better serving Online options.
Everything is ok. But Myntra's refund process is pathetic. It feels like begging for your own money to get it back. Each and every time I went on to return a product I had to contact customer care so many times. They tortured me for my own money. It's ridiculous. Want to delete my Myntra account but not able to find option to delete the account so only going to uninstall the app.
Easy to use, hassle free. Good support
This app makes my festival and functions colorful and trendy.
Got very nice 👍 clothes and quality is also up to the mark
A contemptible app. Hated it. I wanted to exchange a ring because of the size issue. But i couldn't because it was not covered under exchange policy. It didn't even allow me to return it. If clothes and electronic items can be returned and exchanged then why not rings ; after all they are not damaged. Disdainful experience.
Started off with Delivery issues. Now it is showing not delivereble on the discounted products. Hate myntra absolutely. Worst service ever. Do not recommend if you are partitioning ur money with half upi and half cash in pod options. Because delivery boys not accepting both cash and online delivery. I also didn't upgrade to elite insider even after purchases of about 9k rupees. Again if this continues like this, I will most likely sue myntra for a lot of this absolute discomfort.
Team Myntra, Facing a unique issue. Was getting repeated pop-ups in your app to update. But I am not able to update, after multiple tries. Finally, uninstalled the existing app. But cannot download or install the updated version now. So am without Myntra on my phone. Suggest solution. Lots of space, high specs phone. Need immediate revert. Thanks
Had experience the worst delivery system. Myntra had good app easy to use. But they have the worst delivery system. Have to wait for 7 days and 11 days, still I haven't received it.If you have enough time to waste it you may do it otherwise you'll be in the same position as I'm now. If there is the Minus point option I wud've really gone for that. 👎👎👎. Think before you order from Myntra.
This app is very bad . Because search is very slow.
Offers? It's just a game..! I placed an order here. Paid Rs. 500 with a gift card. It showed me I needed to pay the rest. So I opted for cod on that remaining amount(299). I get the shipping message that I have to pay 799 on delivery. I called them and they denied everything. Told me that I just added the gift card in my wallet. Obviously the product price has been increased so I won't re-buy. Cause I'm uninstalling it. Good job..!
Never buy anything from Myntra.. i purchased and returned the product.. i did not get refund and I was always told wait for 48 hrs.. after 2 weeks I was told my product was not picked up.. they are all big frauds and had very bad experience.. this needs to be taken care otherwise you will lose all your customers.. me n my entire network now will stop using Myntra forever.. others beware and buy directly instead.. don't fall for scam. Also, customer call is of no use.. they can't resolve anything
The most trusted platform amongst all, I love to shop from myntra bcz it gives easy returns and easy shopping experience.
A really HOPELESS and a useless app. NOT RECOMMENDED. The customer service is pathetic. The return as well as exchange policy is awful. Regretting in using the app. Once product is delivered with defects there is NO way to exchange or replace or even return the product. If you have to replace the product, then they say that the exchange doesn't take place in the pincode where the product is delivered. if we have to return the product, they unnecessarily charge for shipment. It's ridiculous
I have been a myntra user for almost 10 years now. This time i got a faulty product , little did i know how much of a torture it would become to return the product. There is huge lack of coordination between the warehouse and the online team. My returned product is nowhere to be found and hence I'm not getting the refund. Disheartening and torturous experience.
Though my experience did improved with Myntra but still they can incorporate a few measures to make the website outstanding. One suggestion of mine would be to update the stock and sizes frequently. Secondly, upgrade and upscale the styles. Lastly, try working on discounts, introducing gst during checkout rather than showing it inclusive while displaying the price. It is irksome. Otherwise , i am hopeful that Myntra will certainly improve.
Great app for buying merchandise, footwear, gifts, home decor etc.
Cheating customers by forcing them to initiate any return amount to "Myntra credit". The bank account entry page does not work at all. When you initiate any return payment to bank account, the page becomes unresponsive. The page does not give any option to select your bank!! You have to type the bank name and branch name manually- intentionally giving you chance to do a wrong entry and create confusion. As a result you may not get refund in your bank account or refund in wrong account. You are forced to keep the balance in Myntra account, which can not be transferred to your bank account or use otherwise, except to buy products from them.
I had generated a return request one month ago after receiving the product. The product was picked and the return was put on hold and it's been on hold for one month now. Before ordering you must know that they make returns and refunds impossible by giving you unintelligible and nonsensical reasons. its so much better to buy from the stores.
Very weak service and clothes show in app differ from clothes that we got
Worst experience ever. Purchased few items from Myntra but the product were very cheap quality, not similar to the product shown, described and also some products were received in wrong sizes so I return some of them but after every retrun they charge higher convince fees on the billing amount, felt like customer harrasment. If the product is not similar to the shown on the platform why any one would keep it... Atleast other platforms don't do such cheap tricks. Never recommend to shop from them
myntra was amazing products and unique designs thanks mintra..
Super fake Myntra. Always you favourite stuff is out of stock. The funny thing is they reject bad reviews. How pathetic and cheater you are. Never gonna buy again and uninstalling app. Kindly requesting all of you not to buy anything from Myntra.
Bad experience using Myntra. Order get delayed, cancelled without any prior notification. If you make any complain they will straight raise that myntra holds the right to cancel orders.
I bought a product at discounted rate, took almost 3-4 days for product to be delivered, the product received was wrong (different colored). When raised the complaint regarding the same, they scheduled return without asking me. I wanted to opt for the exchange option, but my request was denied. The entire process consumed a lot of time, even though I was not at fault I faced very fragile customer experience.
Best app for shopping. Easy and quick 👌
I was about to place an order. When I was signing in it said account is locked 🤣🤣. Then I remember that 2 years back when I ordered something from Myntra they cancelled it on the day of delivery after waiting for a week for my order n the excuse they gave was that product is out of stock (stupid people 😂). So I had an argument with the team n for that reason they would have done this. No problem I will switch back to Amazon and flipkart. Atleast they provide the best service n quality too 👍
Perfect doverly items in Myntra and nice quality and visible in Myntra for me it's good
Negative reviews are almost never published. You cannot provide a review on the delivery experience. The issue resolution is pathetic. I didn't receive a product that I ordered but the delivery status was updated as delivered. The issue is pending since a month without any resolution. The photos of the product are so enhanced that there is a stark difference between the actual product and the displayed one.
Monopoly. These guys need all your money in their "credit" form. Return/refunds will go to credit, WTH. A product which got cancelled from Myntra, it's money should be refunded to me in my account simple and any cashback/reward points used or discount should be kept in Myntra Credit. They bind you to their app. A person can not use that money on other sites or offline to buy a particular item. Filthy culture. Forceful purchase strategy, who runs the company who knows.
pathetic. i was a regular buyer from myntra. previously i used to buy clothes without giving a second thought and i was satisfied with the products. since last two times the standard has become so low that i dont want to surf on. the packaging was disgusting. the clothes were stuffed in the packet as if it were for wiping floor. and the quality was of 3rd class. even the branded product was not original, yes checked with barcode and those were not original. rather any one can say after seeing it
My experience of purchasing clothes from online store is amazing because Myntra is the best option for shopping online I love you Myntra ❤️🫵
smooth operation. Great UI. One of the best shopping apps.
The worst app. No costumer service. frequently delivery gets delayed. totally disappointing. (i gave 5 stars so that my review shows on top)
Superb this is my first order from Myntra very fast delivery on time i like it 😊👍🏻 and nice quality of each and every product just amazing 🥰
It hav very nice clothes.... Its very nice app..But still there is one problem that if i like one dress then if i click on it to see material and all... The results are different..Different links are opened and not that particular dress or thing... The quality is not nice..And this happens most of everytime. We like many things but we cannot order bcz of this issue plz solve it.. And if put anything in wishlist then wishlist is not opening only.. the quality is really very very worst...
I would like to express my concern regarding the lack of response and subsequent deactivation of my account after raising a complaint about certain products. This issue has been ongoing for a month now, and I kindly request a resolution.
Very worst app. They take 20 days to ship the product. Very worst app . If meesho is very better.
Myntra tracking details is do wrong .and shipping time also do late . current status not show
My go to app for shopping apperals for my family. The filters for sorting is best in class
worst platform to buy a product. ordered trimmer and got concealer and now they are declining to return and accept their fault
Its the wost place to order something. It really takes 1 month complete today. I ordered on 8 june n not yet deliver till today n its 7 of july how can i give positive feedback here
Myntra is my go to shopping App. The collections are amazing. Keep up the good work guys.
best shopping app... for men women n kids... a lot of variety in cloths and footwear... y to go for shopping offline wen mytra is there 🙃
Why is Myntra not delivering to my pincode suddenly? Such a worst customer care if they don't have answers also and they just hang up on you. From past 8-9 years I have been ordering from Myntra never faced any issues and suddenly from past 6-5 months delivery is stopped at my pincode. Why?
Excellent suit, exact colour, fine fabric with nice feeting, outstanding experience.
I have been using myntra for a period of around 2 years.Initally it was working well and very good. But by past few months it's not been working properly I am not able to search anything. The search button seems to be freeze which is causing so much trouble. I don't know what's the technical glitch in this but it should get corrected asap.
great app for shopping online clothes, footwear and accessories overall products quality is good, brands are original and quality checks are done before delivering to customer... 🌟🌟🌟🌟🌟 for Myntra
Bad experience, didn't received the item and ni refund as they set delivered as pet dialogue.
The worst application to buy online something...I ordered a shoes and it took 18 days to delivered... don't buy through this app...had worst experience twice....
Unable to track my order details . Support team also not share the tracking details or screenshot I'm facing this issue for my 2nd order
Wrong products delivered & return policy not proper. Products delivering without tags, then not allowing to return. Return taken from house and showing its not processed. Clearly stealing money from customers.
Opt not received.. message appears too many attempts from two days...but when login on website it's working fine
Good collection and price and always provide good material and never faced any issues with return or refund.
Unable to place order getting something went wrong msg. I have sent Mail but didn't not receive any update.
Awesome app, products , delivery, interaction,overall is too good. I liked it a lot.
So much disappointed now with Myntra Everytime delivery man will call and will not speak abd even after calling back he don't answer the calls and he will report on the update,I did not answer his call or I was not available ,he made a Fake report and when I tried to contact Myntra support they are not giving an opportunity to write my concern or an issue rather they fix it with an automatic option which is not even appropriate So much disappointed now
Great experience shopping on mytra,get products quality is good, and delivered product on time.. thanks to Myntra....
Amazing experience styles, brands are amazing collection fast delivery.
Only Myntra delivers the original product. With lots of options, I love it.
Very good products and and delivery should be done in a small period of time
Myntra's products are good and original quality, Sometimes delivery is very late, Overall I love Myntra's Service. Thanks to the Team Myntra.
This app isn't working. Firstly I couldn't look at my bag, showing the error of you can't, please try again. After every possible thing I could d I uninstalled the app and tried to log in again by installing the app, Now I can't even log in to my account. My 8 orders are in transit, and it's been 12h with the same issu. Please do fix this problem immediately.
Fraud by Myntra. I received an item with a broken seal, and customer service refused to exchange it. I made the mistake of not making a video. Beware and make a video of your delivery before opening the package.
One of the most reliable shopping app with wide variety of collection.
Why it always says not deliverable in Aizawl...I tried with different products but it says the same. Very much disappointed
Can you please increase the wishlist limit? It is only 999.Hope u will fix it. And also there are some kind of bugging.
Worst shopping app, they show a delivery date and then cannot deliver even after that.
Always giving safe and happy shopping thanks mantra fot dealing simple way never have a problem like other side thank you, ☺️
The wishlist just won't show all of saved items. Very buggy.
Myntra is the best online platform for shopping,they have genuine quality of fabric and stuff .I love Myntra .Never Disappointed.
This app is a wonderful app for online shopping with their promised delivery date ...
Better quality than others... Size 90% tallies.. Dependable app. Please try to make delivery a bit faster..At times different products sent.. Please check..
This App literally itself cancelled my orders twice, just hours before the expected delivery date, telling me that it has been cancelled because of some unforseen circumstances. I don't understand what "Circumstances" were there right couple hours before the delivery. Like really ,please if you can't deliver the order just don't show and don't take the order. I am so much disappointed by this app. I ordered something days prior that I wanted to gift my friend on his birthday , now I'm desponden.
Everything is just wow..the products quality delivery time, prices everything very good services...
Max is sending second hand or customer returned product to Myntra customer 3 order of Myntra regular fit shirt and all of the shirt they send slim first not sure..
Very bad app ,scamming people use flipkart and amazon they are far better. Also customer service fools people so stay aware.
Good product all the time Return policy is very good amount credited in account is very fast and safe I love the app
The best online shopping app i ever seen as compare to others app i love about discount and coupen
Product, Quality n variety , Rate, Delivey everything is reasonable. I like Myntra, Thanks to Myntra.
They perfectly know how to advertise and take orders but they forgot to learn how to deliver those orders. Delivery date was 4th July It's been three days still waiting for T-shirts. I hope me bali se wapis aavu uske pehle deliver ho jaay so that my family can send me those T-shirts via speed post.
Unable to use the claimed coupon via Myntra insider points. Raised query on mail since 2 days but no revert.
Its being 20 days still I am not getting my return refund multiple times contacted with support team no one resolve my issue. Exchange or return process very bad...not able to connect with customer care. Pathetic service by Myntra
Myntra is my all time favourite app. It is my saviour for my partylook, casual look and all time trending fashion wear
Good quality material. Ultimate peace of mind. Arrival before schedule time.
Good experience good quality n if not satisfied return option is good credit comes as early as possible
Very bad experience ...twice I have received wrong product and they ask for proof how it is a wrong product and denied the return request...
No return coupons are a scam They are applied without even getting noticed, which causes a lot of trouble while exchanging the product. Uptil morning product was available for exchange with other product but when proceeded for address change it denied. Contacted the customer care they are telling might be the glitch of app. I was a regular customer of myntra, but after this kind of incident. I think I will have to switch to any other platform and would recommend others for the same.
It's a very nice app for tranding fashion and beauty also for beauty product.
Best customer service and full supportive app with great experience of shopping love it definitely recommend
Its the best platform to get all the budget and Luxurys at affordable prices. Thank you Myntra
I like shopping with Myntra app bcoz it honestly haves amazing products and I everytime prefer to order anything only from this app!
No fuss return and exchange.trustable brands...easy features! Loving it 🤩
Nice app nice and original product will be sold there customer support team is full supportive.
This is totally a fraud and 3rd class app now , they always send wrong product and left customer to suffer and call them again and again they all are liars and frauds . Very worst experience.
Standerd quality products and service , but delivery bit slow , need to improve
Good experience for this app but some time it cancle self order of sale time when you get best order sale product
No return product policy needs to be reworked. If the product is not eligible for return/replacement and the product is damaged, there should be exceptions like Amazon
Very good It's been awesome shopping on Myntra And it's my privilege to say so that Myntra is a only shopping store for me and my family from last 6-7 year I am very much satisfied with all the products which I have been purchased from Myntra Thank you Myntra for it Love shopping on Myntra Thank you much love from PARTHIK KAPADIA ♥️
Very nice app for shopping. Very fast return/exchange process with same day refund.
there is convenience fee and shipping fee charges too high even though bill is huge.
Shoppers paradise whilst sitting in ur cosy home. Amazing service, smooth return and exchange policies. Great shopping experience always
Very poor quality of services, restricted my account without any further notice although I'm a select member. Disgusting
If in case your account is attempted to many attempts for login, you did not recover it or make new account with that number and customer service can't help in this
I really satisfied with your notification program, dress quality, policy and services after sales, returning policy..these are just wow😊😊
nice app. I like that wish list has categories. that's the best feature.
My experience is best, and packing is also good 👍 All over good, and discounts are available at the best rate. Many options are available and in every size
Pathetic service, don't fall for return/exchange promises made by myntra...just go for Ajio-Amazon they provide better and quick resolutions.
The delivery boy was really arrogant. I couldn't pick his phone in afternoon because I was in college and I am not supposed to use my phone there. Later on call, he said he will deliver it by evening and when I called him in the evening he spoke to me so rudely. I'm supposed to leave Bangalore tomorrow and I needed my order by tonight. It is the Myntra app which assigns the delivery date not us, and if they are still unable to deliver it on that date, then the Myntra team is very unprofessional
Totally fraud app My order status shows as delivered, but I haven't received it yet.
Having amazing experience with this app finds perfect style for yourself
Some things are good but there are some things which if you return, money is deducted from myntra, correct some mistakes
Very high prices. Prices are 3 to 10 times bigger the worth.
Myntra's experience is very good, product is good and return system is also good.
amazing app, great packaging, genuine products, can trust more than Flipkart and Amazon
Best shopping app than any other apps on all grounds of trusted brands, delivery and return.
Nice app for shopping and delivery of the product is faster than other
None of the delivery agent are responding to my call whenever I call them for product info such a horrible experience
Pathetic service now. A return which says "HASSLE FREE RETURNS" has taken more than 10 days in help center resolution and it's still not sorted out. Even after providing proofs. Literally feels like a court case now
This company is cheating with the people, they are giving return option before the product is delivered and they are not giving return option after delivery or if there is some problem then they are not allowed to return.
This is a very good product. Everyone is requested to shop only at Mitra and buy branded items.
Wonderful experience all the time. No fuss exchange and return..... love all
Very comfortable After M&S I feel very comfortable, I am seeing these type of product.
Fraudulent always sends different item from what was ordered. Then harass customer by not taking return.
Simply cancells the order and increase price, 2 nd instance with myntra: Partially delivered the kurta set.
Waste of money , orders will be very much delay , nothing is quality , nothing is on time delivery
I have a great experience with myntra regarding quality, brands, price and discounts
Nice quality brand clothes like Roadster are available in unbelievable less price.
Don't order this app. Becouse the item delivery is too late And sometime order not reached at home
Best online shopping platform.we can find most of items at low rate with maximum quality with great service in this app.Thanks Myntra.
Worst app always delivered wrong product and not resolving any issue regarding wrong product
Each and everything is made only for customers satisfaction. Indeed better then other online apps.
Please don't add money in myntra credit. This beggar app taking the money without knowing. And their customer service sucks....
nice experience till now , hope to have same in future . Genuine products are deliverd by myntra as well as delivery executives interaction also very good .
Very poor service.. delivery is the worst. Better go and buy from shops or from Flipkart or Amazon.. ekart is worst delivery partner they have.
This is a very bad app, I ordered the boat bluetooth and it was compliant, when I checked the order list on this app, I don't see any bluetooth order history in it, currently about 5 bluetooth headsets are booked. Replacement is possible as warranty is one year but order details are not there so I can't change because of this app
A fantastic and user friendly platform for online shopping.
You people are thug I placed the oder and it was defective now your app say I can't return it I am cancelling all my orders I will never ever recommended any to purchase from your app
Cheating app .. showed one price and .. and inside one price.. high also ... !! It's also Flipkart Amazon type
Quality is very good ,but delivery boy take extra charge for product
Myntra is nice plateform where you can get solution quickly. Good products and you will love it
Absolutely pathetic customer support. They don't provide any resolution even to their myntra insider icon member.i contacted them 7-8 times on call but got no resolution,got no reply on e-mail even after 5 days.Ajio is much better than myntra.
Good for daily use. Bestest quality and material in reasonable price.
Nice Shopping Experience with Myntra because of great offers and Latest Trends.
I got a wrong nd missing product of boat earpodes hype .. i raised complaint about it .. company made me fool for 20 days that they r working on my exchange bt now they r jst refused about exchange.. it's completely a scam from Myntra.. don't go for Myntra .. I was a regular costumer of Myntra since 2017 bt now I won't buy anything from Myntra.. i didn't expect such kind of things from Myntra..
Worst experience with team Myntra.I had placed a return request on 24 June but today is 11 July and still they had not taken an item from me.
Absolutely I love Myntra app.... And best part is you get all the trendy clothes on it...😘 love it
Myntra is a fake app, they ate my money, gave me the wrong product and did not even refund it. Very Fake app
Very good experience Myntra. Is always gives a beautiful style & product
Despite numerous follow-ups and promises from your customer support team, I have not received my money back. This delay in refunding my payment is completely unacceptable and reflects poorly on Myntra's credibility and integrity. It is evident that Myntra engages in deceptive practices to deceive its customers. I am appalled by the lack of transparency and accountability in your operations. Your failure to promptly process refunds demonstrates a blatant disregard for consumer rights and trust.
Delivery is too late plus their Delivery charge is too high , I mean you have to buy rs1500+ itmes to get Delivery free, like seriously.
Please change your return and exchange policy.... Your system only give options in which we are not able to explain our issues properly.... Please give us the option to write our issue in the chat so that we can tell you about our issue better.....
One of the worst online shopping site. You won't get products and if you raise a complaint they won't respond properly
Recently I am having the worst experience with Myntra. Some support agents are good however the escalation desk is of now use. They have a very robotic approach and they just provide to much apology and empathy without actually understanding the concern and providing a resolution to it. After you raise a issue for any product they would given you a time frame of 24 hours after that is over they will again ask you to wait for 48 hours and then again 24 hours and this never ending cycle goes on.
Today, I tried to place an order, my credit card was debited, but the order was not successful. As my item is discounted now, which will end within the next 7 hours. But no order placed, i wish to get respond as soon as possible, i already place a complaint in the apps too. One star for now, maybe i'll change it later depending on the respond.
Very disappointed with the delivery...it is being delayed by so many days without any prior or after knowledge...after raising complaint,no support is being given
Product not delivered to me but it is showing as delivered. Even customer care is not helping. I am icon customer. Never shop with Myntra anymore
Not good at all giving photo but getting something else showing clips and getting clothes photo not good at all 😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠
Can't pay through upi. If we click upi option it's completely blank
The worst experience I ever had. I have two bad experience from Myntra.I have returned the product n complaint almost 50 times to customer care.but none of them came for help.still I didn't get refund for my return n there is no revert on the complaint that I have raised. Worst service ever.will never shop from Myntra again n ask my friends not to shop from Myntra anymore.
There is a bug and I cannot track my order, waste of time
The return of item on Myntra is very bad, be cautious. The item you buy is ok then ok. They make a lot of fuss while returning. The item was rejected in 5 mins of delivery. When returning the item, they say there is spots on the shoe. The mistake of maker is being dumped on the customer. Be cautious while buying from them. I have stopped buying.
Products are good... It has different items too... Fast delivery....
Myntra is away good app for shopping we get all ranges in one app and wife variety I love shopping at Myntra
Best fashion app ever I have seen till now.. Because I became elite insider too..
I am a regular user of Myntra but the app has become a headache to use from past 3-4 months. The search option doesn't work. The back option doesn't work if you have applied any filter. I have tried uninstalling and installing again but no use. Even my phone's software got updated twice but the app just doesn't work. I see a lot of other reviews mentioning the same issue. They will surely lose out on a good chunk of customers if they don't solve this soon
Fraud star myntra. Not delivering the product but marking it as delivered and looting money from the customer.
User friendly shopping app with more offers on my favourite brands comparing to other shopping apps...
Worst delivery experience, I created order on 19th June and they failed to deliver on 2 July also, they keep on dragging that we will deliver deliver asap
Fraud app. Cancelled my order for no reason and asking me to buy the product at double the price.
App is wonderful and also the quality of clothes is wonderfulbut the price is so ...
Authentic and loyal about our money They use Myntra credit by default during your next order so we don't need to remember the details Iiked this feature most 👍
UI Too be optimised. But overall great experience
Awesome service.. love Myntra app. Never disappoints you.. makes shopping hassle free .. Thanks Mytra
Myntra is very loving and awesome shopping app for feasible easy and affordable products
I've been using this app from 2014 I guess. Had many smaller complaints but never got frustrated or blamed organization for anything. But this time it is really very unacceptable. Raising issue from 18th July I guess and everytime they promise will get back in 24 to 48 hrs. But they never come back and update in app that problem resolved. This is ridiculous. I know it won't effect much for losing one customer. But still wanted to express my frustration here.
Good quality products, service is gud, on time delivery. Thanks myntra.
My recent experience has been very bad. Last month my return order was picked up but due to negligence of delivery person,i didn't get refund. Same thing happened this month..I returned 2 jackets due to fit issues, return was picked up, I even got pick up completed message but in app it shows ,out for delivery. I didn't have the refund. Due to myntra's unprofessional and irresponsible behaviour, I am at loss . Not using this app in coming time for shopping, if they continue doing the same .
Such a beautiful app with fast delivery and heavy discount
Wrong product delivered. Recently I had ordered Paula's Choice Vitamin C serum but Myntra delivered some other moisturiser. I had been eagerly waiting for my product but another product got delivered. What's wrong with Myntra?
This is real scam. They are making fruad to the customer. My whole money wasted. They came on last day if want to exchange and without calling you. They said undelivered. Really SCAM
It's a wonderful & fastest delivery app, quality is the best
I have shopped a lot from Myntra. It does provide a wide range of options to chose from better clothings but there are also a lot flaws in it's service. Sometimes, the ordered material is different from the received one in terms of quality and colour. We can't even read the previous ratings of persons on the items which do not allow us to perceive the quality of that item and how the previous purchaser feels about that product. I highly recommend you guys to make these ammends.
Quality of the products is too good. Easy return & refund.
I like the app and the service. It's really easy and fast. The features like compare similar outfits, alter, try at home etc are good. But only issue is with filter. When we apply filter it gets on top and each time we need to scroll down and continue with filtering.
One cannot buy two things for different addresses at a time. variety lacks
I have had the worst experience from Myntra. They always cancel my order after 3-4 days of confirmation and doesn't even raise any request for the refund in my bank account. They provide refund in only Myntra credit but how can I use those credits of 2000rs when they always cancel my order from their end. Also their customer service experience is worst.
Please Add Location Fetching Feature For Address Book in your App. Everything Else is Great.
I've been waiting for over 2 months for a simple exchange, and their team has failed to pick up the product or deliver the new one. Despite numerous complaints (atleast 10 times if not more), I've been given empty promises and ignored. The so-called 'customer care executives' are unbothered and unhelpful, and even senior supervisors (Joy, Amar, and Deeksha as far as I can remember few names out of so many) did not resolve the issue. Avoid Myntra at all costs unless you want a similar deceit.
it is really amazing app mind blowing prices 😜😛 on mintra app go for it 😄😉 it's really good 💯😊
If you can't deliver on promised date then why it's showing in express delivery.... ridiculous.. Also the help option in tracking order section is useless.. cannot even ask the reason for delay. I hope the next few orders can be delivered on time.
Worst customer service. ...these people are cheaters ...they collected the return product but did not process the refund....if there is option i would have given neagative rating...going to escalate to consumer court
Don't buy from truecomm Seller. their products are second-hand quality, and in my one order, they only gave me a box of jockey, not a product. How pathetic is this and mythra after service also very bad .
Asian shoes are very good That's why I'm giving it a F rating ... I like it very much.I am very happy that Myntra has provided such quality,👌👌
Awesome collection. Seamless browsing experience.
It's really good app to shop 🤗 convenient as well as fav app for shopping 🛍️
I had added a lot of clothes to the cart. But I could not checkout. Even though I had added 3000 worth of clothing,I would have to pay an extra 99 just to place the order or wait for the year's biggest sale. I decided to wait since the sale was just 2 hours away. Once the sale starts all the prices double and they called it the year's biggest sale. Cheaters. I've ordered so much in the past. But will refrain in future.
This app has been degrading with each experience. I understand if you disappoint your customer once, but lately, disappointment has become very common from Myntra. I don't remember the last time I got my products on time even after a window of 15-20 days. I'm done with this app. I would recommend everyone to stop any association with this app. They give lousy service and a lot of follow-ups are a must if you've paid in advance. Very very disappointed.
Worst shopping app ever. U order something u get totally different products. I have order one shirt and T-shirt. T-shirt I get was used and shirt size is diff. When I try to exchange they say it's out of stock. In the sale they decrease the price down but they don't deliver the same product. I also order one ethnic wear dress for my GF after it get deliver to me they drop the price by 30%. Simply u can't trust myntra with quality of product and about the price too. They are very fluckchuated.
The Myntra app has become very slow. With increase in features the user interface has gradually dropped. Its painful to use the app. Not able to switch between addresses, shows different address at the check out page even after changing it innumerable times. Everytime I have to go back and refresh the app to remove/update items in my cart. Surfing through the app has become painfully difficult.
Spammed with order confirmation calls!! What kind of business things it's okay to have automated calls to call a customer 5-6 times within 30 minutes to separately confirm each item purchased in a order. They even tried calling while I was already on call with Myntra!! Thankfully only had three items in the order!! Imagine having more items, they would render my phone useless cause all my phone would be doing is getting Myntra calls!!
Been using this app for years. Never had an order delayed. But this time I can't even track my package. Delivery date has passed. Have tried to contact with Myntra customer service via text and call. Obviously Myntra has one garbage dump of a customer care service. They all say the same thing in chat and couldn't be bothered to call back even after I've repeatedly tried contacting. I've paid for my order prior to delivery. And it says the order can't be cancelled. Quite annoyed.
Hello! I'm happy with the products. Sometimes mood off about the price on particular like electronics, etc. But every time " I feel bad about the tax on everything(each product , if it is even though from same item too) and also shipping charges are too high ." My hope this will change soon because no other apps will be in this way."The other apps have min.purchase of 499 or low than that will make free shipping."The main reason behind step back from this app to order anything on this.
Bad oder tracking UI. Earlier the app used to show detailed shipping information. Now it just shows states like packed, shipped, delivered, etc, which is useless information at the cost of something that was really useful. Please bring back the old tracking UI or add this to the new one.
East to west Myntra is Best.... Used app scene 2017... Best shopping app for clothes and cosmetics....
Worst products you can get from here especially their sarres. I had 1000 Rs in Myntra credit. To make use of it I purchased saree for my mother first I ordered cotton saree worth 1200 something. The quality was very poor. So returned and we got 200Rs less in refund. Then we ordered semi silk saree which was even worse. Again returned it now we tried kurtha which they took 1 month and still not delivered. I raised ticket and called support where I was asked to wait for 10 more days.
Very frustrated this time I ordered one necklace from Myntra but when i received it was totally different from picture. So I decided to return the product. When I tried to return, it was showing that area is not eligible for pick up. I don't understand why you guys can deliver product on same address but not eligible for pickup. If area is not eligible for pick up so u guys should have mentioned on app so that I can read that before placing order. I'm not going to use this app.
A perfect cheater. They are selling duplicate items. I ordered a pair of New Balance shoes. The QR code and barcode on the box are all fake. I noticed it after the return period is over. 2 nd instance: They offered that a purchase over 4K with ICICI credit card would give 10% instant discount. I did not get any. When I call them there is only IVR. When I chat with them either they are busy and disable the chat section or they are saying I am out. See you in consumer forum.
Once you wishlist something, they gradually increase the prize over few days and also when their stock runs out. The same product will show different pricing. After ordering I wanted to exchange it because of size issue but it showed out of stock. When I looked for a different color, the prices were all high
Great app as far as ease of ordering, cancelling and getting refunds are concerned. But if you want to get your order delivered then they want you to place order according to the delivery hub that delivers to your pincode rather than your actual one. And if you use your original pincode (like i had used)then they will keep the orders in your city's delivery hub, refuse to deliver citing that the area of that pincode(which is the area in that city only) not deliverable. NOT AT ALL FUN!!!!
The filters don't work. Additional platform fee of Rs 20 is levied. Too much data. I guess, the app was simple once now it's crammed with just too much, of everything.
I used this app for more than some years i was satisfied with the customer support and service. But recently regarding an order i place serious issues regarding customer service. I ordered an refund pick up order but it failed miserably. 3times the pick up attempt failed for no reason and the customer service failed to resolve the issue and doing nothing. Even the delivery executive rejecting my calls. Such a bad experience. Gonna stop using the app after(if) this issue resolves.
Good experience! Lots of collection and user friendly ❤️
The App's just brilliant. If Myntra could only work on their delivery and introduce something like a Prime. Because when you need anything immediately then Myntra ain't the app to go to. Other than this, everything about Myntra is great, especially the ease of navigation and product selection.
A well organized style guide for all occasions one place to go trustworthy. Like the wide range of items available for fat people like me getting the right fittings is a big problem. Sztori is one solution to my styling and fitting issues. Flexible returns and exchange options.
I have ordered online dress services has been given by myntra is worst . They have sent me wrong product instead of returning the same from 1 week I am behind ghe money it's worst experience I had from myntra Ll not use the services hence forth. Here &now brand is worst do not buy it.
I am unable to login into any account using my device. It shows as too many login attempts dedected. I even tried from my reg. number. And even from my 2 friends reg. number same error is showing in this device only. From past 4 days I have tried to format the device also, same error. I have also send the email to the developer as suggested.
Never ever add money to Myntra credit. Once added, we are bounded to use it. Just pay online or use credit card. Without knowing this I ended up buying items just for the sake of money added to Myntra credit. On app, they are saying that it's for express checkout, but they never tell actual reason. When I read all terms and conditions then I got to know. It's not like other apps like amazon or flipcart where they will return your complete amount of you not willing to a shop. Pls be aware.
Really bad shopping experience from Myntra. I had ordered a mosquito net but it ended up to be a wrong size. I placed it for return and they only allow self return. No information on self return policy was told while booking the product or while placing the return. There is no availability to cancel the return or to place an exchange. Not disclosing important information to the customer is distressing.Extremely disappointed.
Quality of app has deteriorated very much. Delivery fee applied on all orders; Even if I order and cancel the product or return it, my delivery fee is gone and not returned. The owners of the app are trying to be so oversmart that they think this to be a clever strategy so that more people will order their products and even if someone cancels the order, they'll get the extra 50Rs. Pathetic, app and management. UNINSTALLING THE MYNTRA APP from all my accounts. Shifting over to other platform.
Horrible experience. Ive been using it for a long time. There are some issues but largely i liked it. But this time they sent me wrong product. When I asked for refund, they said it is non returnable. They have no mechanism if they make a mistake for wrong product. I'm done.Uninstalled! I want no part in this debauchery.
The worst app this is, the purchases I did were meant to be delivered in under 10 to 12 days which is already a big period of time for any order, secondly, at the last day when the order was. Meant to be delivered it gets delayed everytime, and later on it gets cancelled. Why is this happening in this app only, I make a purchase, it gets delayed and then it gets cancelled. I want to know the reason why this happens with my every purchase with myntra!!!
I like shopping here as everything is available at affordable prices.
First it was very easy to return or exchange system.. Now they have become very complicated .. And every time they are charging very high 20rs as platform fee which is totally unnecessary and absurd.. Now a days third class material and products have been included with very high prices.. Not liking myntra any more 😤😤
my recent experience with this app is very bad. Even though delivery of the product is smooth recently i am getting wrong products and when it comes to return it sucks. Either there will be no pick up at your deliverd location or there will be this huge headache of calling customer care and texing them constantly to get your wrong product picked up.
Myntra has found a new way to scam its customers. So beware of it. They will send you similar looking product of different brand. So when you try to return it they will reject your return saying it's of different brand. And when you try to return it selecting "different product received" option they will again reject your return saying they have done all the quality check n there is nothing they can do. So even if you get a fake product, you can not return it.
I request return for a order... And the order was picked up by the delivery partner... And the next day the app shows that return was cancelled... And now the app shows that the order was delivered to me.... But the order was picked up by ekart service.... And i paid for the order... Now the product was not in my hand.. but the app shows it was delivered... A very big scam was happend.. and i make a complaint but there is no response..
MYNTRA SCAM !! I have recently ordered items due to some reasons i have placed return and successfully picked up by Agent however the status was wrongly marked as "Return Pickup Failed". It’s been almost a week. Still, there has been no update despite escalating on social media platforms. Fruad app looting money
Myntra has been my go-to platform since a vy long time but recently I've been facing issues regarding their service.First of all they delivered the wrong product and when I tried returning it they cancelled my return saying that it didn't match.I had to keep calling, mailing and texting them for the next 2 weeks to get them to take the product back(their staff either didn't pick up the call or just closed my case without any action). I'm so disappointed that I've stopped using Myntra altogether.
Disappointed, always had great experience from sellers like Amazon, not recommending poor Myntra, Should learn from Amazon. They sent a t-shirt which due to fitting issue need to return. It had a very small , really unnoticeable mark on. I never seen it, during return it was spoted and now they are not picking up. I never used the shirt, in a day almost I initiated the return. Now I am stuck.
I'm extremely frustrated. I placed an order for earbuds on Myntra, but when I opened the package, one earbud was missing. I reported this issue to customer care, and they promised to process a return. However, when the pickup person arrived, he claimed that there was no earbud to return. This is ridiculous! I'm being defrauded in my very first order. I demand a refund. As a customer, I expect to be treated with respect, but instead, I'm being given the runaround.
Worst app ever..won't even open..i just keep seeing the logo on my screen and nothing else happens.. very annoying..past year i uninstalled it just because of the same issue..a few days back I installed the app again thinking it would work this time but no, it didn't
Updated : Even after this much the issue is still not resolved I have maild them again and again but they are just not responding. Had worst shopping experience, don't ever believe in any offer provided on app. They offered me a cashback of 500 if I paid through phonepay upi but I didn't received any cashback also when I called the customer service they said that it was expired but I didn't swa any validation for offer. I even mailed them regarding this but got no response from them.
They send only one unit when I ordered two and then refuse to send the missing one and doesn't take the order back or provide a refund or reimbursement for the partial delivery. There was also an instance where they did not even attempt to deliver and then sent me a message saying I was the one who cancelled the order and suggested to put a new order. But by the time the offer on the product was removed.
Firstly the customer service is pathetic, they mark the issue as resolved at their own will even if the issue still persists, on call option doesn't have all the option or any option to connect with an executive. Would rate it negative if there was an option. Also it displays wrong information of product when compared with original site. Pathetic app. Won't ever be using it.
Very bad customer support I purchased a product and it's not working properly and I tried to return the product. So for that they are not returning full refund also if I contacted customer support they are asking for the same thing multiple times and not initiating any solutions for the return. Also they are providing multiple service person of contact without any resolution and again new person will join the chat and ask the same question.
Wrost service forever. I bought this month a pack of 2 products. But they sent me 1 so.I have complained with original bill invoice and others prove but they are still avoiding/denying it.Customer services are very bad. If you mail, the reply comes after 1 day, then the time line is given 3 business days.When the total 15 days are over, they give it again more 3 days. They don't value of customers time. They don't give money back. not even product back.just ignoring the customer issues.
I raised an issue with Myntra CS 6 days ago for my Orders section is showing 'no Orders placed yet'.I was trying to track one of my orders and I have to go the 'Help Center' to check my Orders status.It's been 6 days and there is no resolution yet and they are charging platform fee of Rs20 on EACH ORDER in the name of app maintenance but the app contains bug. Cancellation of the order also won't get you the fee back. I haven't faced such issues with other apps which got no platform fee atleast.
Quality is good ,my god to online shopping option always
Myntra has the most pathetic Customer Support service. They provide broken pieces by taking advance payment and don't even bother to refund the amount even after multiple follow ups. They close tickets without resolving the issue. They do not even care to solve the issue. I have been a regular customer of Myntra since ages and this is the kind of service I get!! Amazon provides resolution within 2 days but Myntra is the most unfriendly and worst shopping app which does not even care for customer
I would give a half star. Horrible experience. The help center executives barely have knowledge (exceptions are there). Return and refund are not at all hassle free as mentioned. Should spend some more money on training the staff and developing the app instead of paying those celebrities for advertisement. Logged out and uninstalled.
Horrible, every image is pixilated. Tried to untick image optimisation. But the settings reverts back.
Worst customer service and are scaming people in the name of sale. The product never gets delivered. I placed a order the product didn't deliver they made to wait for 1.5 week and cancelled the order without any information. Help desk is hopeless it's of no use. The reason they informed was vendor doesn't have stock. Now again the same product is available in the platform. Completely waste of time. This application doesn't deserve 1 star as well.
Myntra used to a very good option for online fashion shopping, but for some time now there are very few good options available and even among the good ones, they do not have size availability. Other than that their services are good.
Variety, quality and discount too all in one.great.
The delivery sucks my order has not been delivered yet and it says delivered I'm not going to order anything again
Good experience, delivery on time and the product is good.
their customer service is really poor, if it's possible i would have given in negative first they would encourage you to use discount coupons and when you use it and order the product that product can not be returned or exchange which means you have to keep that product. their customer service is worst they don't provide any resolution but keep mugging the same lines all the time. its a new form of scam by myntra beware!!
Downgrading the review to 1 star after they have started force selling their products. I had ordered some products from Myntra. Kept few and returned the rest. But they rejected the return citing quality issue. I returned the product within 2 days of receiving it with original price tags intact and attached with the clothes. How can they claim that it failed quality check. Its the same quality that I received. Now I have to follow them but to no avail. Uninstalling the app if not returned.
They show something, send something else and when you haven't even touched them as the product was a different one, they have the effrontery to refuse return saying it failed their “quality check". Even when the delivery person coming for return didn't even see the product. Pathetic. Much better to buy from bricks and mortar shops where you can at least pick the item yourself.
I don't know why they deleted my feedback... I just want to let you know that most of us are facing the the Same issue that while we are going to save a new item it does not gets save in the wish list and one of the major problem is that Myntra app doesn't work . After a while using this app it shut down and can't open for longer period . It is so problematic and annoying. Please try to sort out this problem asap
Price is higher. Other e commerce provides less price for the same product. Re - Price fluctuation is extremely high I ordered an intem @352 with offer. Now the product price jas gobe down to 223. Similarly a product @404 gone down to 340. Keep it fair and good. This is totally unexpected, unfair and unethical to misguide buyers.
It's a wonderful experience using this app. I usually take time to decide what to buy, but the collection here is vast and easily accessible. I would love to see you guys add a "Sustainability" "Traceability" filter to ensure environment friendly products providing fair price to all people in the value chain. Not an easy task but I reckon that's the direction consumers should be encouraged to think about. Overall keep up the good work!
I wish there was an option to give no star but unfortunately there is not. The app and the company has most useless customer support team in the world. I had a piece of attire for which they have deducted the amount twice and even after providing Myntra with all the necessary document to support my claim, they are only sending me automatic mailers and replies from past month. Good luck shopping!
Been using this for a very long time and faced absolutely no issues with return and exchange. But these new updated guidelines on return and pathetic also for customers and the delivery person. Please make sure before returning or exchanging any product as they don't take back anything easily and will reject your return request and send back to you, and without mentioning you a proper solid reason for the failing quality check. Even the delivery person warned us about this Beware guys.
I ordered two items and cancelled those later but didn't receive the refund of one of the item. I called them multiple times for this issue but they kept sending the reference number of the refunded amount and not the amount that's stuck. So far, the stupidest customer service ever. They can't even resolve a simple issue. Either hire qualified people or please shut down your servers.
Timely delivers product and quality is also fine.
Team myntra. Just fix those hideous notifications. See I want ro receive the app notifications, but when I try to clear all my notifications, they all disappear, excepta the myntra's. Why I always have to scroll down again and click on the dismiss button. I dont want to scroll down and dismiss them all the time. Please take care of this issue. Fix this and I'll rate the app 5 ⭐ again
So far had excellent experience with Myntra service and the app. Unfortunately offlate the search feature in the app is giving trouble. The search page is entirely freezing and cant move for next steps or backward. Cant even acess other features/pages if search page is opened at first. Basically totally blocked to use the app further. Facing this issue for last 2 months. Need a fix asap.
As per the variety of dresses and models are selective. But price wise not effort able. I like the products and quality in Myntra app.
Delivery takes too long. Very disappointed. Maximum 4 to 5 days delivery time is ok. I have ordered and its the 7th day and the product is not yet delivered. Feels like it would have better if had ordered from other apps as they deliver all the orders within 4 days. Please improve it or else people have other better options too. Thank you!
Removed the option of logging in with mail ID. I have been a loyal Myntra customer since 2011 but they have disappointed me this time. I had to re-install the app on my phone only to realise that I can no longer login from my mail ID and nor can they help me restore my previous account. My Myntra insiders benefits, reward points, wishlist, profiles, order history- all gone. Uninstalled it immediately since I cannot start from scratch all over again.
Weird stuff. I was browsing the categories and adding products to my cart. Suddenly the screen started showing page not found. I tried refreshing multiple times but unable to fetch any data. My shopping cart shows count of 2 items but when I go to the cart, it's unable to fetch the items. I already have app installed but when I go to play store it's asking me to install the app again. Why so?
Very Bad experience for me. Myntra gives 80% sale. And after order products he will took 4-5. after 4-5 days Myntra cancelled the order and send a mail for cancellation and refund. when I connect to customer service then they told due to out of stock cancelled. i just want to know why you are taking order if product is out of stock. It is happening with my 4 products. Myntra doesn't care about your time value. it's very bad experience for me.
I raised a complaint regarding the order hasn't delivered and they invistigated it and closed it as delivered. I don't know what steps are taken by the team but it's really frustrating to lose money even for ordering an iteam from trusted brands. Customer service was like I can't help you with this. It's really frustrating and I don't want to trust this app ever in future. I lost my money, disgusting experience.
I'm an icon member and I have been very disappointed. I've no problem if the delivery takes extra time. You should mention it beforehand and not after 4-5 days the order is placed. You cancel one of the discounted items from the order and later issue a sorry coupon which works only when we shop for Rs 600 or more. Why should I pay extra to get the same discount I would've got earlier if the order had no been cancelled when it's your fault? Orders getting delayed without explanation is not ok.
Ordered a product - a pack of 3. Received a different style of the product in a different size, and a pack of 2. Raised return requests repeatedly. CC kept denying it citing some 'internal investigation'. Provided them the pics of wrong product, which has their label, barcode, seller details etc. Still declined. Anyone with eyes can see how different the 2 products are. Has to be a deliberate practice to clear unsaleable inventory at customers' cost. Pathetic resolution services.
I update my review from worst to most worst and ridiculous site for shopping. I ordered a High west trouser according to my size but fitting issues and fabric quality is bad when I applied for return request after one day no any delivery partner came for pick up even in packing there is no any tag and it's look like used product. Broadstar trousers Item sold by- sar fashion They closed return request It's my last shopping from Myntra I request to everyone that goes with some other websites that
Great app... Love shopping on myntra from past 3 years. Sometimes deliveries are delayed. I used to get annoyed but the quality materials and the best price goods i finally recieved were actually satisfying. Happy to shop on myntra. But one thing i wanna point that there is not much choice in plus size range either western or others. Please have a look on it especially lowers(pants, trousers). Thank you.............................................................................................
Pros-One of the best User Interface of an App- filtering on Category, Price and Colors is just best. Search is easy, items are well categorised and can be easily located, whatever you wish to do in the app you can do so right away. Customer service, return, refunds and their insider program is great too. Cons- I feel delivery could be better takes longer than usual. Also, sales can be better sometimes the price is like the MRP of the product and buy one get three kind of sale is the worst.
Horrible experience with the style exchange option. Got a damaged torn product. Opted for the exchange and the delivery execute did not pick the product stating that they did not get the information that the initial product was damaged! All pics were uploaded initally, but on call the team wants me to upload the pic again to take the complaint. Horrible horrible experience.
Most third class shopping app on this time. I can share my experience. First of all the order page is not user friendly and not update with your actions. Secondly, in their terms and conditions, if you ordered under 1199 rupees and you want to return the product then they don't give you the convenience/shipping fee 99 rupees. I don't know about any shopping app who do this! In conclusion i have very wrost experience with the interface in order page and their terms and conditions forFullRefund
Very bad service. Most of the time product delivered is totally different from ordered one. In terms of size and colour.
It's becoming my favorite online shopping app..It's clothing quality is awesome ,No product has been received damaged to me till now I highly appreciate there work Go for this app with your eyes closed 🙂☺️
This application doesn't work well. The myntra manager should really take a look at the glitches that keep getting annoying for the last few months now. When i try to see a product that I like, sometimes the app hangs and closes or if I add items to my cart and it just disappears from the cart.
This app shows fake coupans which you can't apply even if you want to. Its absolutely unethical.
I am not satisfied with Myntra. Before 4 to 5 years it was going good. Now it is worst & Cheapest Shopping app it's services very poor and worst. And going down day by day. I ordered something on here. But that is stopped on one place from two days it don't move forward. But if you want to return something they send it pick up to you same day. They also charge on it how much are the charge on everything Platform charge delivery charge, handling charge also their services had deteriorated a lot.
Best online shopping app so far...customer care service is impressive as well
*Re-edit* Something is wrong with your app. I'm receiving two different types of messages regarding the order placement. What is happening?. Please look into the matter. *Edit* Well it got resolved in it's own. Thank you. New issue: What is happening with your app that I'm not being able to place my order? It's all fine in 1 sec and not serviceable in another sec? What is this? Can you please fix it? Thank you.
I have been shopping on myntra since ages and I used to love this app but not now. I don't know what's wrong with the upgraded version of the app these days , my wish list doesn't open up, whenever I open wishlist "something went wrong" Pop up comes up at the bottom.I tried several times to fix it but nothing worked. Please fix the bug myntra
This app is not good.very worst app. I have ordered 2 pressure cooker and 1 non stick kadhai,but they cancelled my order and the customer service is worst. Don't use. Worst app ever in.....
After being a member for so many years, convenience fee is being applied while placing order. Although my return rate is quite low. This was not expected from myntra. I have always given positive ratings and feedback on orders. The help center also didn't solve the problem Extremely disappointed.
Please bring the feature of being able to select and order any number of items from the total of 50 items in the cart while the unselected the items remained as it is, back. It was a really useful feature. I mean no one really wants to order 50 different items at once !!!
Totally Unprofessional I've been facing the order cancellation issue due to unforseen circumstances for a couple of months now, that the order gets cancelled 2 days prior the expected delivery date. This happened 4 times in last 5 months. I don't understand how come Myntra have these many unforseen issues. Being in the Elite category shopping I know that first few orders have free shipping benefits, so if this cancellation is some kind of cheap tricks you're gonna lose your trusted customers!
The app used to work quite well but off-late the app has been crashing a lot. It inadvertently closes in the first instance. I need to re open it to access the app. This problem has been persisting for quite a lot of time now. I had informed through the chat support as well, they asked me to reinstall the app. That didn't help either. Please look into it.
Great App! After a year of using this app, it has now started to show a few problems. I'm now able to view my shopping bag. I can browse my wishlist and the app as well but after I add items to the bag and try to open the bag in order to buy them, the shopping bag just doesn't open. All i see is a blank screen. I tried updating the app, reinstalled it but all in vain.
Hi pls don't install this app in starting the app was very gud but from 1 yr wt ever I order the cancel without notifying..& send alot different products n than we hav to take approval n even though we get approval the delivery person will not pick up ur product..if by any chance he picks up he will mark unsuccessful pick up this happened to me recently 18th June n still I hav not got any resolution everyday I call n everyday they say wait for 24 hrs more I bought 1711 rs kurta set n now they hv
Price they show for the product almost doubles up when it comes to check out. most of that are delivery charges and taxes. and even though they charge higher delivery charge than any other app , the time it takes for the product to reach is like forever. And even worse i placed order for a shoe and was eagerly waiting for its arrival for past three days, now it shows cancelled for no reason. i tried to reorder it but now that the offer is gone its almost twice the earlier price. dissatisfied 😐
The app was hacked from another location in India. I contacted support and asked them to logout my profile from all devices. I was told to do it from my end. I'm not sure how clicking on logout from one device will logout my account from other devices. Critical info might be at risk and I'm waiting for the last package from my order to delete the app forever. I also asked them to delete all my data but no response yet. Pathetic support when it is critical. Don't update payment info on this app.
The recent discounts & offers are fake.. they will cancel your orders with discounts/coupons without reason saying tech-glitch after sometime, while you are stuck for nearly 2 weeks with deducted balance.. In my case, was a bulk order. even customer-care does not give proper resolution, the 2nd level of escalation too did not call me after fixing a scheduled time for the call..been 2 days now! Pathetic experience for a customer to be stuck with deducted bal during month-end & fest-time
Cancelled my order without any reason and slow delivery.
Big cheating online shopping app. i have placed the orders in cart but i'm unable to confirm them. In app it is showing "buy now with early access". so it is asking to pay 199 rupees extra to confirm the order and it is non refundable also. we can only pay for the orders only during EORS sale. Myntra is trickily cheating the customers. During weekend they send a message to shop at 40% during particular time. But it is not, the items will be same normal price only. It is very silly marketing app.
You return a product and the complete amount doesn't comes back to your account, some portion of it gets added into the myncash which you cannot use as a whole and is also liable to get expired ! And you never get your money back ! 3 stars just for the rest of the app that functions pretty well and the good quality of items.
best shopping site for clothes.. u will get genuine products 99% times.. from last 5 years i am using only myntra for clothes.. they r providing free alteration and unlimited exchange also.. what more u can expect from myntra.. 👌👌but try to improve order section bcz whenever we click on back button it comes out to the very first order everytime.. & tracking option should show the place where the product has reached..
Myntra app is getting worse day by day. So many false commitments. I have had to make so many chats and calls regarding 3 products, I have not received my refund yet. So many issues were raised, their timelines are also over, still these people want me to just wait. If a customer is giving so much time and money for 3 products then they don't respect. Now I am not going to wait. I don't want any commitment anymore, just stop wasting our time and money. I feel that everyone should take action.
It's just overpriced. You can get the same product for a cheaper price also worst thing you cannot review your order, there is no option to cancel the order and they say there are discounts when there is clearly no change in price. Just hate it. (edit) poor customer service, I've trying to contact them from a week and i don't even hear a ring. my product is in shipment since forever, I placed the order on 29/31/17 and it's 07/01/18 toady.
Pathetic experience. Have been using this app since last 4-5 years and had been using it quite fairly. Despite of the fact that it is their very business model to deliver clothes & get the same picked up in case of return, they have (without any correlation with my returns etc.) started charging extra INR 150 bucks/ order. I got to know that's bcoz of my high returns & they'll charge this on all subsequent orders or i should change my shopping habits. I mean, what even?? Uninstalling ofc!
I have been using this app from last 2 years and I am more than satisfied with Myntra's policies, products and services. I'm not liking the recent way of showing items, it makes it difficult to look at the whole image of the item and the price can not be seen without opening the item, which takes time.
Many people out there would have only had good experience but not me.!. Purchased one product recently on sale. But it turned out to be the worst online purchase experience I have ever had. Paid for 2 lipsticks (for buy 2 get 1 sale). Received 3 nailpaints. The delivery agent only agreed to give 1 lipstick in return of 3 nailpaints. Tried calling the customer service but to no avail. Atleast I would like a refund. Hope my query gets resolved.
Buying clothes are good and quality also good but buying footware is not good and customer support also bad. I have brought one sandle in myntra. It had one month warranty, before one month it got damaged. Contacted customer support but they said like there are not responsible. If i give any review they are showing give 2000 points but after giving i got better luck next time. I don't know why they kept like that. For Clothing i will suggest myntra. Thanks
A wrong product was delivered to me . I asked for it to be picked up and asked for a refund. The delivery agent refused to pick it up saying that the image of the product and the actual product did not match! How can it match when I had got a wrong product! I called up the help line numerous times,spoke to a number of useless ' champions' ,sent mails but to no avail. Will never buy on Myntra till this issue is resolved... which almost looks like never!!
I'm not satisfied with this app I never get my delivery on time and the coustomer helplines are so rude
good shopping and easy to order anything.
The app is really great 1. Excellent UI. The images load without any issues. The screen transitions are smooth. The status messages are spot on. 2. Customer service is great. They're always available and are able to modify your orders from the backend. 3. Delivery is on time as promised. in rare cases, if there's an issue, it's reflected in the app. The user is always up to date. 4 product delivery and returns and payments (and reimbursement) are smooth. 5. Product info is perfect
Worst experience ever! I ordered a tshirt, and it was up for 2 day early delivery. But even after 5 days after the expected delivery date, I did not receive the order. The delivery person used to call everyday and just hung up, just as to maintain that he had called. I talked to the helpline multiple times, and although they were very polite and lodged a complaint, but it's been 15 days! Even after cancelling the order, I haven't received my money back till now. Very disappointing
Zero stars. I've always been shopping with myntra and the service had been good till now. In recent times, the service is so bad that they have no ways to correct their mistake. Recently, I bought a shoes with myntra, they sent me a wrong size shoes, in a random shoe box without a price tag. But, when I go to return, they rejected it because it doesn't have a price tag. I've been contacting customer support to clarify that there was no price tag attached or no signs of price tag. Worst service
There is a lot of excitement. Shopping on Myntra, good brands and new looks are provided very quickly and return exchange and many other facilities are very satisfying.
I am have requested for the return of an order. No body has contacted me for the return and could not able to connect to the customer care. Worst service ever.
While the app and the product line is good. customer service is horrible. God forbid if you ever have to get in touch with them, you will never get any resolution. so as long as your product and deliveries are ok, experience is good. if something was to go wrong, then you have to live with it. I am still living with the fact that I had an incomplete product delivered and no resolution for it !!!!!
I've been a Myntra loyalist for years now, having spent tens, maybe hundreds of thousands on it, over the last few years. My experience with Myntra has been beyond wonderful till about a while ago. In the last few months I have started to question Myntra being my go-to app for shopping. Incorrect products have beeb delivered, returns have been a painful process, and the customer service has been absolutely dismal. Issues get "resolved" without them being aptly addressed. Very disappointed.
This app is really a great one. They have a lot of collections and brands. And almost all the products are affordable and I personally like it.
Pathetic. Terrible. Worst experience. Got carried away with the design of the app which looks like it sells only high quality products. I was disappointed with the very low end quality products in the name of a good brand. Brands should watch out for this. It would definitely damage the image as none of the products seems to meet the real standard. I will never think of reinstalling this app. Shame.
Excellent fittings and nice color and product
I have been a myntra user for over 8 years now. Used to love the app. But recently they have moved into the greedy business. The products that are displayed rarely match the ones that get delivered. Major mismatch!( and its not related to your device's colour resolution. Trust me!). And then if you return the ordet they start charging delivery fees on every next order under their so called "Fair policy". This app is no more a utility. HIGHLY "NOT RECOMMENDED"
Very nice service by Myntra , it made shopping extremly easy
Same issue as everyone else from past few months. Search option never works. The filters have become useless, half of them dont work anymore and the new thing about otp for every payment is the worst. I never get the otp and then customer care says they cant help as server issue. Youre going to be losing a lot of customers if these issues dont resolve. These days,there is a new glitch everyday on the app. I am so fed up trying to place one order for the past half an hour.
Amazing quality n variety available in all products
Title: Extremely Disappointed - Late Deliveries and Nonexistent Customer Service I'm utterly disappointed with my experience using the Myntra app. The late deliveries have become a recurrent issue, leaving me frustrated and inconvenienced. On top of that, the complete unavailability of customer service only compounds the problem. The whole point of using a shopping app is to enjoy the convenience of timely deliveries, but Myntra has consistently failed to meet this basic expectation. Worst app
I was a regular and happy user. But recent experience opned my eyes! I ordered 5 products with offer prices. I paid successfully. They canceled 3 out of 5 products after 2 days and mentioned product lost during transit. On contacting customer service, they asked me to take refund and place fresh order. Then what I see is double prices of similar products that I previously ordered and I liked. This is a kind of cheating. You sell on lower price, then compel us to buy at higher rates.
Worst app..as i ordered tshirt..but there comes a shirt with bloodly stain on it without any tags ..and bill receipt was also fake ..they started working like meesho app..which according to my point of view is fake but my views are now same for myntra too..
This app disappointed me alot. It though has great deals, great clothes but that's not enough...This following app doesn't have the CASH ON DELIVERY payment option. It always shows that the Cash On Delivery thing isn't available in your locality. No No No! Very dissatisfying. I request the customer care of this app to mend this problem. Thank you.
Even though my issue is not resolved, they marked it resolved. There is wrong info regarding my orders on the App. I totally ordered 4 orders. I returned only 2 of them. And also I am a first time customer here. So if I calculate it becomes only 50% of returns. The app is claiming I returned 80% of orders. This is wrong. And also saying I returned 8 out of 10 orders wherein I placed only 4 in all. Absolute wrong info. And still the customer care saying there is no way to register a complaint.
Worst app, and service too, they won't delivery in time, plenty of time I face issue, they can't connect service also
Excellent service and quality worth it, and Myntra is always reliable
Really bad. My refund is not initiated past 20 days. The help centre is also of no use. Even after sending mail regarding the issue there is no response. I was not expecting this behaviour from myntra. I would not recommend anyone to use this app.
The new feature of converting points into super coins and spending it through all the apps using supercoins is really smart and amazing upgrade. Also, just a suggestion,if possible,kindly create a tracker where we can get updated as when a particular product from our wishlist gets restocked will help to buy more products. Well done myntra, keep up the good work , more strength , power to you people always REALLY PROUD TO BE RELATED TO MYNTRA😊, 500word limit is less for your appreciation ! ☺️👍
They are not delivered our product on time... They take to much time to deliver our order.... Apart from this... They didn't check the address property before shifting. & didn't shows the location of our order.... And in the delivery address their is no option for selecting our district.... It is auto generated... & gives very poor experience....
Awesome trustworthy refund exchange all issues they resolve fast best shopping app
Myntra offers top-notch products with exceptional quality. From fashion to lifestyle essentials, their range never disappoints. With seamless browsing and swift delivery, it's my go-to for all my shopping needs. Highly recommend!
Really like the product and the rider is very good person
The same issue everyone is facing currently of the app freezing. Just to let you know there are many other alternatives the customer can shop from. It's been a month since I haven't ordered anything from myntra as it's not possible and have actually been a loyal customer to some other BETTER app. Really loved the way myntra is helping itself by loosing the load and it's customer. Master Move!
I was penalized because I had to return products because sizes were not available. Apparently I return too many products so they started charging me a convenience fee. How is it my fault if they don't have sizes that can be exchanged. Very unpleasant experience. I uninstalled the app and I'm never installing it again.
The product is completely different from that I have ordered. The size is 9 instead of 11. The colour is blue instead of black. The design is completely different. One more thing that they are not exchanging the product that they have delivered wrong. Very bad response from Myntra. It takes almost 12 days to sort out the problem and the final solution was do not agree to exchange the product. Stay away from it otherwise you will also face the same problem. This is my bad experience with Myntra.
Great app.....fast delivery genuine product .....no. of varieties
Each and every item son Myntra is too good and excellent fabrics
You can find verious product in reasonable price. Quite helpful ☺️
I've been a regular Myntra user and have been shopping on it for years now. Lately the app doesn't seem to be working right and doesn't update it's page. Not only that I cannot search nor browse anything on the app. It keeps saying "Error, please try again later". Later also same issue appears. The app just isn't working on my phone!
My favourite online shopping app....I bought lots of things like kurtas jeans shoes ...I just love this shopping app there delivery is on time and delivery boys and very polite, and respectful. There are lots of options in every section like jeans, shoes, kurtas, hoddies ...home decor and many more ....all the things are trendy and beautiful... especially shoe collection I'm in love with the shoe they have and the prices of all the things is good ....I love this app very much, i will always luv
Worst experience, the delivery agent had updated the status of the package as delivered with out the package being delivered to me. I tried calling customer support which is horrible, they were no help rather they asked to find out my pakage on my own. There is no track on delivery agents. Other online shopping platforms like Amazon, azio and max are the best to shop. I lost my money and i didn't get the product.
Myntra used to be very trustworthy but nomore. You firstly place extra items in the same order by "technical issue". Hence part of pre-paid order becomes COD. Then I have to accept it with cash. And now you automatically select random old account no which is not even saved on my current profile anymore and send refund. And when seeked help, you straight away deny !! That's your way of handling customers !!! Hats off to you ! But one thing is true after this you loose a very loyal customer today.
One of the wrost Fashion design On line side I have ordered lot from roadstar now days this is the second time they refused to return without checking the product and rasied a concern that it's been used or smell or tag missing. The system is very poor that Hub(Birati,Sodepur)It's totally irresponsible and don't bother about the customer services they thought they are doing there job actually it's not it's harresing customer. Ordered again today hope for betterment
Worst app I ever seen ,the deals is great on myntra but you haven't receive any order from that it all is fraud dates of delivery and they do not do anything about that. I will never order anything from that app because of all this problems. They also do not respond on mail you sent to them. Their delivery boy said take your order from our office I Will not come to your address
Best deals on mintra so please kindly use this app and stay unique ur style 👍
It was working fine but now it's crashing so much even after the update.. my internet connection is good and all other apps are working just fine, the only problem i am having with is Myntra. Please resolve this issue asap. Edit: I gave 3 stars yesterday but had to reduce it to one star as it's still not fixed! I ordered something some days ago and i can't even track it. The app just won't work.
I have been using this app for a long time but recently had a very bad experience while returning one product. Firstly received different colour product, while returning it saying I received different colour product the delivery agent denied to take my product and also cancelled my return request. Even the help desk person didn't "helped" me in any ways. Now uninstalling this app with a negative review and also would like others to uninstall this app.
I cancelled my order but haven't received my refund yet. It's been almost 10 days, and every time I've contacted Myntra's customer service team, they've just said it will take 24 hours, but it never arrives
It was a good shopping app. But recently it has delivered wrong products and at the time of exchange, they didn't accept it as the product wasn't same. And when I was trying to ask for help from Myntra customer care, then also they didn't give any option to talk to customer care executive. And that's why I'm going to uninstall the app.
Recently I have not been able to order anything. All the payment methods are not working. I even tried uninstalling and then installing the app but still its the same. Please do smthng about it my b'day is coming up.
Lots of stock with different price range. One can find branded outfits in this single platform. The application is also very much user friendly.
The direct search option isn't working. The application doesn't function as expeditiously as it should. Your team is doing nothing to fix these issues. These glitches have managed to prevail for so long. Kindly introduce some updates. We have been loyal customers for so long and really prefer this shopping platform. Don't make us shift our preferences. Do show concern and do something to solve mine.
Used to be a good app for shopping. But after the whole body positivity trend all brands want to cater to just thick ladies and the healthy fit petite ladies have nothing to wear here. Your xs is 37 in some brands. Are you even reviewing that? Xs used to be 28, s used to be 30. L was 34. These are healthy measurements. But no longer it's like that. Additionally, your brands have tall ladies as models. The dresses/ kurtas are not stitched according to standard or average height of Indian females.
First' time One of the worst experience I ever faced in online shopping app, because I've ordered one product on this site, i received that item i realised that product quality is very poor then i raised a return request, after that return pick up done by courier partner, but they rejected my return request,i asked them why are u rejected my return request, they are saying that product damaged, but the product is not damaged,if the product really damaged then how could they picked my product,
Delivery timings are really off. They take too long to deliver anything and over that charge extra. My order gets delayed so many times. Having really bad experiences recently.
I recently placed an order on Myntra, and I had a few issues with my purchase. First, the app automatically added a "no return" code to my order without my consent, which was frustrating. When I received the products, I was not happy with the quality, but unfortunately, I was not allowed to return them. The customer service team did not offer much help in resolving my concerns. Overall, my experience with Myntra was disappointing, and I would not recommend them to others
I wanted to express my satisfaction with the wide range of products available on Myntra and the competitive pricing, which truly enhances the overall shopping experience.However, I would like to bring to your attention my concern regarding the delivery charges, especially when ordering separate products. The current delivery charges seem to be a significant drawback and can discourage customers from making additional purchases.
You cancelled the order without asking me even though I have made the payment. On calling it is said that there is a technical issue. Tell me one thing, when the product has been shipped and is also in stock, then what technical issue happened?
I like the user interface. It is intuitive. I like the fact that I can not exchange ones piece for a different piece and not just exchange the size. The refund system is well sorted.
There was an issue with my account, and my account got blocked. Upon reaching out to the customer support multiple times, I have received no resolution. Please note that I have been using Myntra for years, and this is not acceptable.
Changing my rating from 5 to 1 .... Because such a big app ( India's largest fashion app ) can't resolve a very simple issue. Also once it delivered a parachute hair oil bottle instead of a denim jacket. SCAMMERS!!! It was my mistake to trust that app again .
Myntra has consistently exceeded my expectations with their impeccable product quality and service. Every purchase I've made has met or exceeded my expectations, leaving me completely satisfied. Their commitment to delivering top-notch products has eliminated any need for returns due to dissatisfaction. Myntra truly sets the standard for online shopping experiences.
Extremely disappointed in Myntra. Have only ordered from Myntra till now. They constantly delay the delivery, return and refund. The customer service is absolutely unhelpful and evasive. The problem never gets resolved rather they keep on delaying it for days. The wastage of time on myntra delivery and customer service had made me resolute on never ordering from Myntra again!
From 1 month myntra is not working in my phone. I have already updated the app still it is not working. It is terrible😔. Not showing wishlist, homepage is also not loading. Please suggest what can I do.
Myntra is the worst shopping app ever. I ordered a pair of slippers from them. Made me wait for more than a week and then sent the wrong size. I asked for an exchange. Again made me wait for more than a week. Didn't send the order on the promised date. Then, a day after the promised date, today, the delivery boy refused to give me my order because i asked him to come upstairs so that my family members can recive the order. It is the WORST shipping app ever, never using it again.
This is fraud app. Previously I've ordered in Myntra, that time nothing happened but recently I have ordered a pair of Nike shoes, firstly they delayed the delivery and on the day of delivery till 12 at night it was showing arriving today suddenly from next day it is showing delivery delayed with no dates or updates given. Even contacting customer care is a hustle itself but the customer care representative also couldn't help much except telling me that they raised a ticket.Worst app FK & Myntra
Very very bad customer service and resolution. I ordered a green dress and received a pink one and at the same time of delivery I checked the parcel and called up customer care to return the parcel. But they woundnt help at all I had no choice but to raise a consumer complaint. I needed to change the colour to what I had ordered but they forced me to keep the pink one. I think Myntra standards have dropped and people should shift to ajio or nykaa fashion instead.
I ordered 2 sarees and was supposed to receive both of them together but got only one saree and the other saree was missing. Now executive is giving me unanimous response that they can help ne as the product went through quality check. I totally get it, but the mediator (delivery center) might have done some goof up. Because I haven't received it.  Customer service is worst as everyone say send same autobot response
Poor customer support. For our refund we have to wait month on month that too after taking several follow ups. Also execute call them manager level and can't even do a mail confirmation. Poor app. Better to go For AJIO. Prices or every products are same in both app but atleast their customer support is better. Myntra is looting people. Cancelling the orders and for repayment take follow up follow up send this send that.
Most of the time I used Myntra for my online shopping, But this I received my tshirt which is different from the actual picture (It may happened some time, not a issue) and I don't like it, therefore I applied for return request but the delivery agent hold the product product due to mismatch issue therefore I raised my concern to customer care agent and I followed all the procedure But at last they cancelled return request. I think it's a time to switch or Myntra should start open box deliver.
One of the worst worst worst online shopping platform and it's totally waste of time if you shopping in this, one day I ordered two products and they gave me a specific delivery date, but when the delivery date came, they didn't deliver the products and they canceled the one order without taking my permission, another order has not been canceled till now and no update is being given about it. Kannadigaru yaradaru idannu nodidare avrige Nan helodu onde shatad service guru iduu.
Myntra has gotten worst now a days . I have more than 600 super coins... Once it used to give option to convert them into Coupon Credits... But now it's giving offer only to purchase a particular product from a particular Brand which is worse... Please change the option @myntra
Although there's a wide range of products on Myntra, but I'm highly disappointed by its delivery service. They're not concerned about the customer's satisfaction. Even not give proper response to the customer's query. I Liked the varities and quality, but made me think twice before purchasing for urgent need or for surprise purpose.
I've been using myntra app for almost 4 years now and there was no issue with the product, shipping and all But recently myntra is not not confirming my order placed on 30th April it still shows in transit whereas the product location shows to my nearby location only the delivery is not initiated I'm not sure what is wrong with the delivery or is my product damaged there is no information provided it's been over a week now I would have rated mynta 5 stars but due to this concern I cannot
I had an amazing shopping experience with Myntra till now, the products are very nice and of excellent quality. Myntra has a great customer service experience and they keep their products at reasonable prices. Overall I would give more than five stars⭐ to Myntra if there is an option and I would recommend it to everyone. Great Marketplace with excellent service and delivery staff.
Non-sence app, not recommend to shop through this app, recently I changed my Mobile number after that I logout the app even I knowing the password it's not allowed to login and customer care is reducules, every body saying it's take 3 days time to resolve they not resolved, Add urbanic, Flipkart, Amazon, instead of this app for shopping
Poor tracking system and zero weightage to customer feedback, Just wastage of money Recieved incomplete package ,Raised a return request along with a incomplete package note , Getting refusals on return and refund. Team when I haven't received complete package, How can I return the complete package and moreover what would I do with 2 remaining shirts; The product is of very inferior quality and can not be used also. No resolution so far ...it's been 20 days
Super fast delivery, wide variety of products, easy returns, easy exchanges and prompt refunds. I only have positive things say about Myntra. I just hope they don't drop their performance.
I ordered shoes on 3 apr 24 at this app and it was showing to be delivered on 10 apr 24. So the order was not delivered on time . So I cancelled this order on 11 apr 24. And today I am writing review on this application because I didn't get my refund after the one month of the cancellation date. Many times I tried to connect with the customer helpline number but they didn't respond me timely. And if I got connected to the helper then she/he just me time to wait. Worst app and going toraise comp
Best app to shop clothes , i get quality dresses at reasonable prices from the app . Best and unique fashion inspired dresses available. Also hassle free return experience.
Very affordable yet fashionable. Although I find reviews about technical snag, but I am a regular user and never faced any technical issues in the app. I am fan of your online stores. Keep doing the good work.
Delivery boy has so much questions while taking the return... Sometimes they were asking that what was the price of the product.... It looks like they are the owner of Myntra... Now a day Myntra has worst delivery executives and it's platform compare to other online market place. If Myntra's delivery executives has so much problem to give replacement then why Myntra posts like easy return policy... For my case, it was replacement of size twise for 2 products and they were so many questions.
Very slow delivery and many times they cancelled tour order without specific reason .it was my favourite shopping app from last 7 years but now it is very pathetic
This application is mere fraud application, their delivery partner companys as well.... I ordered one jeans from the application, first I received defected piece and also when I placed for exchange they picked up the first delivered defected item but did not deliver replacement yet, now they are telling that they have hand to hand replacement options and all lies when it was their delivery partner person who properly completed pickup with otp and also ensured item will be delivered later.. Cheap
Worst shopping experience ☹️ Recently bought a Roadster jeans, size was too big so I returned it but they are not refunding the money even after so many complaints . 12 days have passed but everytime they are telling me to wait for another 48 hours. Can't trust Myntra now. I used to do so much shopping using Myntra but now I suggest you all buy things at your own risk.
Such a pathetic and horrifying experience I had. Seller cancelled the paid order and placed COD order. When delivery agent came, my family checked the item and ask him to cancel it since we haven't placed any COD order. The delivery agent started harassing my family and ask to pay since we open the package. When I call the Myntra help centre they said they don't have access to reach to delivery agent and you have to deal with him, we can't help you.
Why you make fool of customer. Myntra said that its a huge discount at 11 to q16. Make wishlist.. I do bit when i see now their is no changing in price. I mean how manipulate you to your customers. Hell ir website. Previous myntra was vey good but when flikcart buy it it becomes worse day bye day. N cheated customer.... Cheap statics..😡
Im not getting refund even after 10 calls on customer care helpline for my order that was cancelled by me as product didnt arrive on expected time. The order turned to cod as payment failed during upi transaction but my amount was deducted during this upi transaction i even shared snapshot but everytime my complaint is closed stating that order was on cod and cancelled so no refund applicable. I m disappointed with myntra customer services. Pls help
App is great. I am using as regular purchase. I rarely go for outside purchase but what i don't like is i cannot tell the actual product quality. If i give negative feedback than Myntra will not approve my review even i give geniune review. It shows manual moderation rejected. Which is quite wrong.
Myntra is getting degraded in its service, my orders are getting cancelled and refund is initiated automatically for no reason. This is a serious problem team has to look into it. If this continues you will loose regular customers
We regret to inform you that a very bad policy in myntra suppose we booked a product by using credit card or upi and amount has been debited and return policy that amount not credited by which account has been debited despite your amount is collected his personal wallet as not be happen other ecommerce and product are not to good than Amazon and very highly expensive and very low quality products other than ecommerce please don't booked order by myntra
Poor customer service . I recieved wrong product without any tags attached. I raised complaint and every time return pick up is cancelled or return pickup agent refused the item saying no tags are available. I don't think customer care is bothered to investigate and provide a solution. Not trust worthy .
Worst service I have ever used for shopping. I have ordered some products then it was showing 149₹ for delivery and if you add more items you will get free delivery and bcz of this a did this. I have added the extra items. Then I got delivery of extra item but they cancelled my other items after 13 days when it was the last day of my order. Now if I want to get free delivery I have to add again extra item what I don't want. I liked t shirts which don't complete there conditions for free deliver👎
Their delivery sucks. They don't stand as per their delivery schedule. Secondly, when you try to cancel the order the app refuses to cancel if you select reason delayed delivery. What a scam!!
I never thought that Myntra customer service would be so bad and this is a fraud company where in they cheated me very openly without checking anything, I ordered 2 product instead they have delivered one and stating saying they had delivered 2 product, Now I am planning to take this fraud case to consumer court very seriously it's not for cash what I have spent it's for the trust which they broke I would not suggest this app anymore
By far the worst delivery service. No details regarding who is shipping the order, worst order tracking facility. Never order products from Myntra if you are expecting them to come on time. One suggestion atleast give the option to consumers to get there goods offline directly from the shipping agent.
I am really disappointed.. I ordered a trouser and I had to leave within two days... It was supposed to be delivered today but as I checked it today morning.. The delivery got cancelled. It's not acceptable, first if the product is unavailable it should not be shown on th website second. If u cancel u should at least tell a day or prior before the date of delivery
Pathetic service Doesn't deliver items at time Cancels prepaid order by delivery agent without giving a call and status updates to delivery failed. Just close your service if you can't do your shipments properly. Just shut it down. Rating: 0/5 Not recommended at all.
I have ordered a shirt and got a shirt which was completely different than images. I put it on return and got back my money after deducting handling charges and delivery charges. Again I order another shirt and same thing happened. on 4th of May I have ordered shirt for the 3rd time which was delivered today and again I got completely different shirt than what I ordered. why do I have to pay handling charges and delivery charges each time I return and re-order? And no way to address this issue.
Fraudsters!! There is no way to contact their customer care and they don't even reach delivery address, and say delivery attempt was failed and then cancel your order. Biggest scam ever!
Shows 500 while browsing,in the cast it becomes 899,what if someone does not check,cheap cheap cheap level of cheating tactics And I tried to exchange the product,i called customer care for help , early exchange due to urgency,those stupids instead of helping me with exchange,they have cancelled the exchange after 5 hours,then I have placed a return request fortunately I had return window, customer idiots are the dumbest of all apps, honestly rather than helping theyvwill push you to your limits
Very very very poor app. I ordered a product which have return policy hassle free , if there is defect in product. Now Myntra not return it my product is defective and they said call the company. There is no response regarding my issue. Very worst app. Don't buy product on Myntra.
No. 1 fraud company among all ecommerce companies. I returned a wrong product bymistake. Within an hour I called n updated them about it. They said, don't worry, shipment team updated the same and shared the photo of the wrong returned product as well. They told within 48 hrs, they will return the wrong product n take the correct one. Turned 48 hrs to 15 days and finally, today called and shockingly said their team never took any product from me n closed the case. I shared CCTV footage as well.
CHEATING & BLUFFING app, please be cautious. I received a differCheating & Bluffingent color item, I ran behind customer care to get replace or to return. Took 12 days finally forcing me to keep it without replacement. If I rasie concern in the app or calling customer care they are closing my request.
I had order shampoo and I received the leaked one.. I had put in exchange and again I received the same product... delivery is not upto the mark.. never expected from Myntra such a poor delivery. Also.. I had order sunscreen.. and this product is left with 3 months in its expiry... Disappointing...
I'm not getting the OTP on my number to complete the order Yes I have checked my number..it is right Yes I crossed checked by sending sms from different number and I'm getting it Yes I have clicked "resend" option buttonand still it's sending me the OTP on my number Yes I have also restart the app What kind of app ? Even if I do all these I can't get the OTP then how will I shop from you app? Nonsense
Do not buy products from this app They sell duplicate products They send tagless product then don't return it Coins earned are useless Enforce their worst products Meesho is far better Myntra has no quality check at all I have been using this app for 5 years and now they are worst in market Useless offers
The worst product seller , i purchased earbuds of immortal 128 , The product had sound problem and when I exchange it the next one they sended to me a broken pieces .... Don't purchase anything from myntra , it was my first time Purchase from myntra and it was very bad experience
Myntra is a cheater, i requested for a return of a guess watch within my valid return period ,they just played around for few days by asking me the pictures of the product and barcode which i provided them and eventually they closed the return window without any update or without informing me
Recently, Myntra has been behaving oddly. They accepted my order, but 5-6 days later, they confirmed its cancellation, citing that I had requested it. During my conversation with customer service, they explained that the order was cancelled because the delivery partner doesn't serve my location. After being a dedicated customer I think I am done with Myntra now.
I once ordered JOY moisturizer and there was a free gift with it but it didn't got delivered then I wrote a review with pictures of the free gift in my order list but my review wasn't approved so it didn't got posted. Then again the same happened with my order of Minimalist sunscreen, they never delivered the free gift available with it. The order list showed the free item delivered but no one delivered it to me.
If you want the item in the photo they show, you're better off relying on other apps like Amazon.... MYNTRA will never deliver the item you order..... Definitely..
Frauds! They don't refund your money and make you run up and down.. asking you.to go to bank claiming refund is initiated and we need to get things sorted from bank. Cheaters! More than 1000 rupees are not given back. Mistake on their side and customer pays.. horrible. After years of dealing with Myntra now is the time to delete this app and shift to atleat Honest app. I am going to consumer forum if my money is not returned and my emails are not answered with a solution
My recent experience on ordering a product... I have order it and it showing the day before yesterday but till there is no product reaches me... I verified the ordered page they didn't rven try to call me or not called me at all they are saying we have reached so many times... that's why the delivery was not happening Very negligence and there is no customer support to answer our query Very disappointing and i am going to fail a case against you and i will go to court then i will settle it
Worst Application I ordered once but there was a size problem so I again ordered for Exchange but no delivery for 10 days and finally the order was automatically cancelled..I cl and messaged but no response..Worst experience ever..
This is the most dishonest aap one have ever used. This aap is a total fraud. Sending wrong and damaged product. Customer care said one thing delivery boys said one thing. Never stick to their promises and bad customer services also. I feel bad that I ordered from the aap without seeing app reviews from here. There should _ star button . Only this is applicable for this fraud aap
I have raised return request for Tommy sneakers due to size issues. They are not taking the product saying that some yellow seal tag is not present so we cannot take it back. I have received the product only with price tag. Issue is from Myntra side and they are cheating. I'm trying for more than a week to get my 3000 rs. Myntra service is not like earlier. They become worst and fraud nowadays. I want my money back 😡 people don't purchase from here please
I ordered a tshirt, the received product quality was poor so I rised a return request on 1st of may. Today is 13th of may. Till today no delivery agent called me or collected the product. I called customer service multiple times but they gave standard response, asked me to wait and then said that they would raise some ticket. 13 days are over and my money is still with myntra and their product is with me. Worst experience. Surely will delete the app after this return request headache.
My accounts history just randomly dissappeared, like it never existed. Can't track the orders that I've made and the deliveries are failing due to this issue, No help from myntra to recover my account either.
Very bad experience and please read carefully there policy and compare with other app before ordering, they have cheated me arround 500 rupees in one order. I never recommend this app buying such items which will offer and the price will be more compared to other app with out offer.
They deliver defective products without tags and even after returning it within ten minutes after delivery, they don't accept or refund it. They will not provide a solution. They can only regret for our inconvenience.
I love their quick delivery, easy return process. I tried nykaa fashion for the first time and highly disappointed with their slow delivery process. When you need things quickly- Myntra is the best. Processes are very seamless in Myntra
This app was good last year but now it is completely resiculous I had order a shirt from it and I have received a wrong product and when I kept return and mentioned that the recieved product is wrong and when the delivery agent came they are not accepting the item as it shows them that the shirt should be the same I have ordered but where in the world can I get the same shirt and it happened me for 2 times still cannot return my product it is so frustrating It is taking almost 3 weeks to return.
There is lots of thing in this which cheats the costommers Only one thing is good is that it's payment and refund process is reliable.One more thing delivery time is also toooo looooooong I thind they use snail to deliver products
Just a scam now like Flipkart. Purchased a hair clipper, but got a used one with hair strands in blades from previous owner. My mistake; I did not record unboxing cause I never expected to receive a used product from Myntra.Tried returning but it was of no use. The seller (Supercom Net : Shreyash Retail Private Limited) has hundreds of negative reviews on Google, yet he is allowed to sell on Flipkart and Myntra. I only came to know that Flipkart has aquired Myntra. No wonder its so scammy now.
It has been my favourite platform for 5-6 years. I loved the collection and their exchange services . But my recent experiences were really bad. 😞😞😞 Uninstall
Myntra is loosing it's touch, I ordered a product and it got canceled saying it didn't reach the warehouse. After going to customer service, they said it was cancelled and had to order a new one with no discount. So thank you.
After new uppdate the app sucks big time.. very bad ..not at all user friendly.. u select from filter options u have to click on forst close button which itself is illogical and then some additional dialogue box appears asking u to confirm.. myntra had been edifice of amazing user interface.. probably their main buying point.. i dont feel like using and many of us alao
I don't know what happened but now reviews section is not visible. It's hidden behind an Ad and there is no option to close it so you can see reviews and buy accordingly. Customer need to see the real time images or reviews given by other buyers. How else do we verify whether it's worth buying or not. Please fix it!!!!
Now a days Mantra is giving used product without mrp tag.. I don't know why they don't check before sending product to customer. Earlier service was good. I request customers to take video while unboxing every product from mantra becz they give damage product with no mrp tag. Future they may refuse to exchange or return. Unhappy with mantra service.
My previous order i e The urknit tights have been wrongly marked as delivered. The delivery representative called once and asked us to come to a far away place to which we did not agree to and he shut the call and marked my order as delivered. This is the same delivery guy who was once assigned an order from a different e com portal and did the same thing. But those e com guys had better customer service and it was resolved. But their IVR is useless and there are no representatives available
Worst shopping app I ever used in my life. Issue of wrong product, delayed delivery , not resolving on time and spoil our occasional function . Uninstall this app as soon as possible and never order anything otherwise you will regret using such bad app
Just got scammed on myntra, created a return on an order, delivery guy picks up the parcel but the same isn't updated on my account, first showed pickup failed now shows order delivered, now I don't have my order or money and Myntra doesn't care. Best business model
Myntra started scamming now they send wrong and defected product without seal or tag and when you try to return they don't accept returns and even their customer support is horrible they don't help at all they neither reply to calls nor they use robotic auto generated msg highly dissapointed and please be aware always make videos when you inbox they are big time scamsters now or never buy from this app.
Recently I ordered 1 kurta from myntra (brand herennow) they delivered a different one, prints are of cheap quality, they didn't even approved my review for the product in fact I gave them the images also. This wasn't the first time, lastly I ordered one track pant (brand Hrx) and sewing stitches of that pants came out in 1day, I wrote a review for the product but they didn't approved it. Why you people don't want to hear feedbacks about the products delivered???
Very poor experience with Myntra... I have been cheated by Myntra in which they have marked a transaction as exchange which in fact was a return one... As a result I neither got the product nor received any refund for the product. The customer care executives including senior ones are not ready to listen anything. Poorest experience with Myntra
It was a good platform for shopping but Two days ago, I ordered an item, but myntra cancelled it without informing me, and the call to coustmer service executive is not responding. It's really very bad experience.
Worst application to use If we orders any product by using this application, it will show us delivered to u automatically without delivering what u order. I didn't got any call or msg from delivering associate. But associate put as delivered wonderful. Stop using this application. Worst app after same day they reply me from our end order is delivered to you. But I didn't receive my order Fraud application Fraud application Fraud application Fraud application fraud application.
Worst app to do online shopping, they will lock us with thair unethical return policies, not allowing us to return or exchange. Even they are not allow us to give feedback back. How the government allowing these people to do online frauds. This app most suitable to monarchy countries
Worst shoping app. Yesterday I planned to order the things in my cart. But when I tried to order those things it showing 2300 . But after 15 min in front of my eyes they spiked price 2700 with discount.. and the best part is it's showing 2900 on Myntra application. The amount of frustration coustomer have to deal with because of these cheep seeling tactics is immense. Please consider buying from ajio or any other site Never buy anything from Myntra. Shame on you guys.
Wishlist should be updated automatically ( means it shouldn't be limited upto 1000) but when we add newer items older should be deleted automatically. We don't have time to organise wishlist !
I created a return order for these pants twice, but eKart delivery rejected my return. There is no damage to the seal tag or price tag, but they simply rejected it, claiming it was the wrong product. I filed a complaint about this in the app, but the Myntra team has not provided a solution yet. This has made me very sad. I would not recommend Myntra for online shopping to anyone.
Do not purchase anything from myntra there reimbursement policy is bad and delivery agent service is worst. They will harass you if you cancel or return the product. I still have not recieved my reimbursement for the cancellation of product from past 2weeks.
Worst app to buy electronics I bought a boat air dopes last week and put for exchange and they were defective I tried for exchange but every single time they sent me defective product I hope no one should go through this all trouble .
Today I returned a product which I bought from Myntra because I received the worng product that is totally different what I saw in the image. But I didn't receive the full amount as refund. Myntra deducted Rs. 20 in the name of platform fee.. I mean this is ridiculous, if someone buy a product from myntra and he receive the wrong product which totally different what he saw in the image after that he get refunded with partial amount.. what is this behaviour Myntra 😡. You are doing scam.
Good shopping experience, please train delivery executives to deliver at home only. As my home situated at hill area but still Amazon executive delivers at home only. For Myntra I have to go on road to pick my packet, although my home is just 1-2 min away from main road. Please train them to call at after they reach at home address. Rest I beleive I am was the 1 st ever person, order on Myntra from place and start deliveries here. Thanks, hope you catch my points.
Great Experience with Myntra Shopping.. But recently Their Delivery executives denies Home delivery and Ask to collect parcels from more than 100 M of distance that too they always be in hurry and will Speak up rudely so much of time wasted.. But they are not understanding enough to estimate the time that will be consumed to walk that distance.. And without information cancles order.. Whereas all the efforts walk out those 100 meters are wasted.. Also you cannot beleive on their delivery timelin
they said that my order would be selivered withing 2 days with express delivery....but now my order status says delivery failed....the customer support is even worse....its an absolute waste of time...DO NOT ORDER FROM THIS APP.
I used to love Myntra but the disappointment I have suffered is incomparable The will pickup the return but won't pay you back no matter how many times you call chat or do whatever, they won't Then they would send you a completely different order and won't let you exchange it so that they can again keep your money. Disappointing and disrespectful I would give zero stars if I could
If you are leaving beyond city don't order from them .they will deliver wrong product and then they will not return the delivered product at last you have to suffer.your money get waste.and they will specify some date to resolve your problem but they will not resolve it and give you another date to solve your issue. But they will not solve your issue.
Very bad it is when no service is provided for your wrong product....there service is very baad . Many times call has been done to customer care still no solution. Also they do not show the clear review of product you you want to tell how bad product is they will claim this comment to be inappropriate
Myntra is totally a bad company I I'll buy a product from it and they send me wrong product and when I place replacement then the again give me wrong product. Then I want refund but they don't solve my problem and decline my refund. They do fraud with me .
very bad service always delayed in delivery and customer care have no information regarding that and i am not able to track my order extremely disappointed ,customer service is very very bad. Always not refund full money 199 rupees deducted from refund
Myntra is fraud scam company, I ordered 3 us polo tshirt at discounted price and paid the payment online, since they don't want give it at discounted price, Myntra kept me waited for 20 days and then cancelled my order that they are incompetent to deliver the order. This is very legitimate scam myntra does it often.
My all orders get cancelled by itself on the day of dilivery....first time I thought there is some issue with my orders but it happens same with the next all orders .... I have waited so many days for for the orders and It's very disappointing...it was my worst experience..
Meeso have been very frustrating lately, I ordered my product long ago and the order was to be reach here on 26 feb but still I haven't got my order and, i dont even know what's the reason why my order is no here yet. It's not the first time it's the second time happening
Shipping charges are unreasonably high. Very high. 80/- ... My godd... Along with 20/- platform fee. This always Disturbs the budget
I am always satisfied with the product, but it's delivery is something that is the worst. I have received parcels from delivery agents such as ekart and delhivery and these partners are literally of no use. They'll not even bother to deliver the parcel at the house gate, instead will call you somewhere midway. They are super rude and have no sense to talk at all. This one guy just started screaming at me for asking him to come a little ahead to deliver the parcel.
Very bad customer service....you order something and get something else and customer service is worse they won't listen to you they just say what they're taught....do not use it.Use ajio instead...it is much better than this app and ajio sales team is much more polite.
Mynta is giving horrible experiences these day .... I ordered a top they had send me a shorts which is not even my size . I placed a return request but no one has come to pick up. I requested for the return of parcel on same delivery date ..the delivery boy came back and he said call to the customer care I can't take your order..... Their is no option to call in the the office...the issue has not been solved and I didn't get any refund..very frustrating and experience...
Your customer service has gone bad. I regret shopping from here. Your logistics partners are more rude everyday. Whats the point of having good collections and good brands if you are not capable of providing valuable customer experience !
They'll charge you extra for shipping, they'll charge you extra in the name of platform fee and if not enough they'll charge you extra for cash on delivery also. A big let down for me
Absolutely useless service. I have complained for 10 days, but have not received any service. Myntra is complete rubbish. I received the smartwatch from Mitra without a charger and no solution to the complaint has been found yet. Totally Rabbish platform.
Customer service is worst, recently i have purchased one Levi's brief, but on the day of delivery of my product, i didn't get my parcel but it was shown as delivered my product (OTP or delivery guy call). nowadays Ecom companies especially Myntra is doing fraud with their customers.
Quality products, Timely delivery and affordable prices made me regular customer of Myntra Wide range of products, branded stuff with huge discounts satisfies my thrift instincts. Even I recommend Myntra to my friends and family members because it offers wide range of products and huge discounts with out compromising Quality for all age groups.The return and exchange policy of Myntra is also simple and more convenient and genuine. The Timely and at times early delivery provides enormous happine
Meesho is very good, And can be more better for more people when they'll scroll they will find new things under their budget according to my experience meesho is just wow..❤️leaving a heart for this app..rate this app so more people can also explore here..😊
Guys, theres a new case now. Myntra sends wrong product without inner invoice and then refuses to refund money. VERY BAD EXPERIENCE DONT BUY FROM THIEF MYNTRA The delivery girl is absolutely dumb, and highly rude and impolite and an idiot also. She does not understand directions given to her and will argue with you unnecessarily. PLEASE DO NOT USE THIS APP
The worst shopping application I ever used. Flipkart is much better than this application. It deducts 100 rupees from refund as platform fee and Shipping charges. So Flipkart is much more better as it refunds all your amount.
very good collection for all age groups...returns and exchanges and refunds are super comfortable...absolutely fantastic app
First the company delivered wrong product and when we complained about it they took lots of time unless the last date of return came and then refused to accept by saying it's not our product. Wow what an idea to sell wrong products. I lost both my product and money. This app is simply waste of time and money The worst experience i ever have faced
worst delivery experience it takes 10 days for one delivery i am very disappointed with myntra all shopping platform have same product but in myntra product quality is very bad no costomer support and problem in returning of item totally worst shopping app ever i am not preferred to shop on myntra waste of money on it.....
Guys believe in me this app is best for shopping 🛍️ of beauty products there is very satisfied price in all beauty products and the best thing is if you want to know that the product is expired or not you see the expiry date of product in the description and quality is 10/10 💗🥰👍 thank you Myntra 💗
I am writing again they did same thing with me the I have ordered three tshirt showing all delivered but I received only two and I reached the coustomer service no solution only one answer that we have delivered your product that was approx 150 t-shirt. If I have ordered something expensive and that shows delivered and I don't recieve than my total money lost.Very bad Myntra I was not expecting that from your service.
Dear Users, Don't use this app 😔 because 5 day ago I ordered a hair oil and at the final day of dilivery a message came to my cell phone that WE CAN'T DILIVER YOUR ORDER .so I orderd again and it shows that dilivery is coming today and now it's 10 pm night still not came.so that's why never use this app
My account got blocked due to some "security reason" and on trying to login from another number it still showed "deactivated due to security reason". I called the help desk thrice and in first two sessions the so called "Myntra champions" were of no help. In the third session the Myntra Champion "helped" me by saying "mujhe bhi nahi pata ki apna account do number se kyon nahi ban Raha, aap teesre se bana lo". Character limit gone or elsw i would have butchered Myntra's awful service even more
This is the worst shopping platform I've ever been on.. Seriously go buy from ajio or better buy from local shops. Product quality poor, packaging poorer and the funniest thing is these morons has something called "platform fee" and in the name of all this excuses they charge 100+ extra on ur products...
Till now it was good . But this week my order is not tracking properly. I recieved my order n wanna return it. But app shows my order will be delayed.n yet to be deliverded. Not showing any return option.
This is not something owned by Flipkart,this is a fraud app..You cannot talk to their customer care,if you order something today they may ship it after 20 or 30 days and even if it is out for delivery you cannot talk to the delivery agent..This is shittiest app I have ever come across..Stay away..
BY MISTAKE I HAVE TRANSFERED MY AMOUNT TO MYNTRA CREDIT , There is no option to transfer money from Myntra credit to bank account ,so I called coustomer care they say if you deactivate the also you can't get the money back to your account. Worst experience I ever had in this app
I have been a loyal Myntra customer for over 10 years, but recently, I experienced fraud. I ordered two shirts, which turned out to be short in size. I initiated a replacement order, but the delivery boy only collected the first shirt and provided no replacement. I raised a complaint on March 11th, but Myntra's team has not responded adequately. They are not taking responsibility for the situation. Regrettably, I've decided not to make any more purchases from Myntra. #BadExperience
i have bought collage photo frame set from myntra..its not as per my expectations . i have sent return request but it is still pending for pickup . the pickup date was 14 april. very disappointed from myntra this tym
Customer service is getting worse day by day the supervisor's are rude no one has answers no one is ready to raise complaint or provide escalations or corporate email i recorded all calls to show them how worst is their customer service. since they switched their delivery partner or vendor services are pathetic couldn't contact anyone to give instructions deliveries are getting failed without even they attempting to deliver I spent 2 days waiting for delivery and Myntra is not helping at all.
Delivery delays very much and delivery person call here n there to receive delivery after mentioning proper address plz correct this.also very bad service no cod option available at any product after paying platform fee just useless very bad services never on time neither delivery nor pickup
I have very bad experience at this app i had bought a product and its damaged and they said its not be accepted for exchange waste of money quality of product. Avoiding to use this app 😕. Even wrost experience at customer care and service of pin code.
If there was a negative rating possible, I would do that too! They have not refunded me for the an order I never received. And top it all, their bots are answering my tweets. Third class app. Even Meesho is better than Myntra
I requested a return, it's showing that the product will be collected by 29th April, I even contacted the costumer care. After 4 days still no update from their end regarding the return
What's going on with you it's been 4 times again and again X L I am getting. Are you able to see or not what size I ordered at the time of placing the order. Such an immature response I have never seen . Worst customer service and everything. You people are not bothered about others. Don't trust very soon you ll get down Even also they are not approved customers review on perticular product. 2 times I tried to give review but it is showing not approved then why review system is there in your app
Worst ever service from Myntra team. I'm using first time Myntra application and order some product. At the time of booking it shows delivery date 4th May and today I'm sitting at 11th May and still I'm not get the product. Really very bad service from Myntra Team.
Delivery issues facing continuously back to back 3 orders and order delay inform on calls and after request, the problem not solved. They only raise issue but not solving the problem which customer faced.
Worst app, cheating on customers...first they provide Myntra 300 coupon after order confirmed they will cancel the order saying no stock ..I have never seen such a fraud app playing with customers emotions... deserve zero rating...if stocks is not available u would have mentioned it earlier not after order confirmed..shame on you Myntra u are very commercial..
Worst customer support. I raised complain regarding delivery of wrong product. Pickup agent denied duty. But i m not able to contact customer support. Didn't expect this poor services.
Worst customer service. They give clothes on low price and then cancel the order on their own and doesn't give any reason why they have cancelled it. WORST Online shopping app
Worst customer support no one on chat and when u call and try to contact it doesn't connect it again repeats the same menu ... so bad customer support for a app like this disappointed...worst customer support.....
Super happy with Myntra shopping experience...glad that i don't need to pay extra 20rs and separate 10rs for cash on delivery payment mode now for every order i place....thank you so much Myntra for delivering genuine products and all the special offers!!
Please don't place orders in myntra. I received a used product and I try to return the product. The delivery executive came and picked up the product but I received message that product is not qualified the return and product is with me. Completely lost trust on myntra.i contacted the customer care but they are not resolve my issue.
Good product they are providing, but they have to ensure not to cancel after confirming the orders because poor poor supply chain management they need to improve it, Bu for that they provide me a coupon so its fine for me Thanks Regards, Sreejith Bhaskaran.
I recently brought a shirt from myntra and it's a good brand name product called rare rabbit, though it's not directly sell by the company but a different seller. So this was mentioned as a cotton slim abstract shirt. Description clearly describes it as a cotton shirt but when I got it this was purely polyester I mean either the seller is selling polyester as cotton or myntra doesn't check the quality of their product. Myntra is a scam. Better buy from the store directly
It's getting worse with every passing day. First there were problem in search section now all my cart disappear. I can't add more than one thing to the cart . What's going on Myntra ?
Myntra is a big scammer and they deliver used product of someone who buy firstly this product, then they delivered same product to other customer and when I raised complaint they declined it. And Im also sharing the images so you can check. And even they always used to same things when it comes to return or exchange point of view. Still I can't believe Myntra do this with their regular customers... Shame on you Myntra.
I am not satisfied with the service's. Delivery is too late and their customer care representative is very rude. If you are raising any concern regarding the delivery or products then they are disconnecting the call without any reply. As per my first order experience that It's stupid to order here😠
Bad experience on Myntra purchasing they were doing fraud with the customer, I had order 3 products total value 1188/- and I paid but they delivered only 2 item, I raise a complaint on Myntra they given me 7days time, I'm waiting there response but they can't resolve it and also cancel my geniune complaint they closed it, after 7days again raise complaint the same concern they given 4day but they refuse again, staff says NO REFUND bcoz they not found the issue I can't suggest anyone Myntra
The app is getting horrible..tbh it doesn't function properly ....I am sick of installing and uninstalling the app .... The page is blank.....at first I thought it's due to network issues but no ....it sucks
Worst experience,I ordered pink colour night suit but i received yellow suit,I submitted return order more than 3 times but delevery boy never picked my order, I communicated 2 times to customer helpline number but they also did not solved my problem।
Isn't good experience with devilery partner They just update that unable to reach us , I am still waiting for parcel almost 3 days Every same message shipment not delivered as our executive unable to reach you . I can share a screenshot as well if required Thanks !
#myntra starting froud and didn't give full refund. They delivered the worst quality of product & after return they say we are changing the plateform fee. But why we give them if they didn't delivered the good quality of product. Will never prefer #myntra for #onlineshopping again. Uninstalling the app.
I have multiple issues with this app. This app never helps to raise return and pickup is never done on time.
The application is very poor, and your services are truly worse than those of other applications. As a customer, I am deeply disappointed.Please don't use this application
This app provide delivery every time defective and low quality product my experience any time received product is defective or low quality so myntra app and service very poor and third class any guies I have suggested not use this app
very poor platform for online shopping we Had ordered a dress as gift we ordered dress just because of dupata but with dress we didn't received a Dupata within it after register a complaint we Waited for a Week And There response is we cant help you for this we send all product it means customer is Fraud for them they will never except there Mistake as per there communication for them now customer is not important And they cant provide us no return and no Exchange Unexpected from myntra
I returned one product and never received a refund. The delivery agent took the product and I have that video as a proof but still they didn't help. From that day till now me any my family stopped using Myntra and switched to Ajio.
It's was the worst experience of my life to install and use Myntra I had done may shopping from the Myntra account even I was icon elite member and there was no fault of mine Myntra team has told me that your complain will be resolved bla bla they have given me thousands reasons to assure and at last they have deactivated my account they have eaten my credit amount even the things that I had to return they have not been come to pick up and blamed everything on customer. Think twice before using
Order's are never on time. After multiple follow up order gets cancelled saying "Unfortunately we had to cancel your order as bulk orders are restricted" Again same problem your service is very bad
I used to love this app bcoz of all brands and quality but from some days I have noticed that all my orders are automatically get canceled on the day of delivery being a myntra customer I m really not satisfied with this!
Muntra Credit Scam I had some Myntra credit from my past cancelled orders next time I ordered some Tshirts for that I used Myntra credit but after seeing reviews I immediately cancelled that order but I lost all my money they have not gave me any refund I dnt recommend such apps I am uninstalling this app
Worst experience ever,, ordering from Myntra is the biggest mistake of my life. I had ordered a top for my birthday which was supposed to arrive 2 days ago, but at the time of delivery the delivery person came to my address and did not call me, so I could not receive my order.
Had a very bad experience recently. They provide great deals but after order confirmation they cancel for reasons best known to them.
Worst delivery service ever.After 5 days of placing order they cancelled all the items ,whereas it was a prepaid order.Customer care service is also a joke.They said within 24 hours my order will be delivered ,but very next day they cancelled.No communication from delivery agent, customer care was made
Worst experience ever It was my first order firstly they confirmed order then they cancelled it mentioning stupid reason that it was bulk order Bt in reality i have ordered only 1 quantity ...is this bulk order???? And their customer support is also useless Seriously worst app
Myntra is not good as it is used to be. Products are not delivered but in the app it is showing delivered. Not a pleasant experience 😕😕 I'd be closing my account. Not female friendly app. 😡😡
Very nice app and lot of option is there with lot of colour and payment mode is also nice and delievery speed is also fast . Very nice experience with Myntra it was my first experience with Myntra and it was nice
Very worst and cheating app in India they will get the money from us and won't deliver our product but they will show like we delivered the product, no response in customer care as well and cheating app you can change the name instead of Myntra you can name as "Most cheating app in India"
I've ordered product and it's delivery date was 11 may 24 still the product has not received and when we contact customer care service the employees present there are giving bad answer,hanging up phone, misleading by telling that order is out for deliveered and all but still the order is not out for delivery, after calling 7-8 times to customer service still, we didn't get any solution and all the employees are worst because they are lying and misleading me.also not giving proper solution
I didn't like that they cancel the order by themselves after many days. I ordered one dress on the expected delivery I saw that it is not even shipped after complaining my order was cancelled.
Worst Customer Service. Wrong Product was delivered. And now Myntra is denying to return delivery charges. If wrong product was delivered how can Myntra charge for its wrong product delivery.. Customer Agent is like robot.. Dont want understand situation. Just copy paste reply. #April2024 - myntra confirmed me on chat. says even sellers upload incorrect product image information. They don't take any action on it. As it's not under their control. Sellers can post any misleading product images .
Don't order shoes in Myntra. I have 3 worst experiences. 2 orders were auto cancelled and the other one is still pending with Myntra..
The only app which is charging ₹20 on every order as a platform fee. Seems like a shop owner asking fee for rent of the shop from their customer. Dude you are already charging commission from seller why this charge from buyer then.
Never going to buy anything from myntra I was a very good customer to them at last order I returned a shirt and they pay me 100rs less and the customer care says that it's our policy we do not refund shipping charges and convenience I never heard that any platform charges ship on return 😡
Total 8 items bought with prepaid..none of them delivered till date even after expiry of promised date..service executive said we can do nothing from this end..very much disappointed..will never buy anything from myntra again
Have been using Myntra from a long time now.. but your app is giving me a hard time using it... It is extremely slow and it takes ages to open a product...i have written to your tech support team as well.. but they are also not responding.
I ordered for the first time on your platform, two trousers I paid the money also but I received one trouser, next time promise I will not order again.. i need costumer care number or complete box .. i raised ticket on application but no response
Pathetic service,I have bought 3 shirts from Myntra adue to size issue I had to return all 3 shirts and applied for refund but they are just saying the money will come in 48 hours and it's already 5 days but still I haven't received my money and no representative is properly providing any update so kindly refund my amount of ₹1749 which need to be refunded to me already waited 1 week but no update on this.
I strongly suggest to every one don't order more than 1 product here at a time. Better u choose some other app. They will deliver only 1 product and will show both products got delivered. And if u contact them they will neither refund you nor product. Such a horrible service. ......sorry we can't help u, we checked thoroughly is the only reply we get
I have always loved Myntra for easy, attractive and branded good quality preference. The quality of images used in pics is very detailed and consists of a closed view too. Thanks Myntra!!
Really bad app. Just like the worst quality products on their site. If u try to write a review on the product it doesn't allow. Keeps giving an error.
Seriously what's wrong with myntra. What is this platform fee now. This is ridiculous you guys are including delivery fee and now this. This is so annoying we have to spend approximately 100rs extra to order an item. Myntra please remove this platform fee
Wonderful experience with Myntra, always gives best product with good discount. Only one more option should be added for deliver time as per customer present to receive order, otherwise so far all good! Keep it up Myntra for all your hard work and dedication!
Myntra return fee is high. You guys already charge a convenience fee and than again you want to charge for the return. I have a better idea for you try to sell good quality stuff than to charge this random fee
My humble request to all the customers, please don't do shopping on this waste Myntra app, they do fraud with the customers they deliver wrong product which u order actual, and they show u next level tougher, the person who comes to pickup he will not accept the product for return or exchange. This will keep going till u tired, better u waste ur hard earned money on this waste app donate to needy or poor people... thank you.
These days myntra delivery is not on time . I have experienced this issue for almost all orders . Its very frustrating when you wait for certain order .Nowadays they are cancelling the order directly without having prior knowledge . Uninstalling the app as there not satisfied with on time delivery.
I was order shoes from myntra and i received that order from myntra office but in my phone myntra app there show that your order was canceled but i was pay high amount of my order and myntra send me massage that your order was delivered but app showing that your order was canceled and do not registered any complained about my issue from myntra care. I will send all images of my order and bill and barcode but there was no action about my complained. This is very bad experience and bad service.
The service is very bad. I booked a product in the sale which I waited for 2 weeks and the Myntra team automatically canceled my order.without any information..Now the same product is costing me 1000rs no one call no one massage directly canceled order..VERY BAD EXPERIENCE 😤
I am having very bad experience with myntra, I bought product for a function, but they did not delivered iton time. Delivery date was 21 march and I request them to deliver it many times, I had words with their customers executives so many times, they only shows apologizes but they don't have any solution. They use to say they can't do anything as the logistics department is different from them. And still I am just trying to get my money or products It's been more then month but no solution.
Price filter doesn't work in website. Please allow users to select price range based on their need rather than giving a prerequisite filter. It's not user friendly
Worst shopping experience, delivery of product is very delayed. Once we try to call on customer care they never answer the call. My order is delayed from last 3 days & nobody responding positively. If there is negative ratting I would like to give -10.
Terrible delivery service. Every time I order a product they send a message that the delivery has failed. The date of delivery is changed.
Don't purchase anything from this platform. They are selling damaged products. After delivered if we rise that is an damaged product. They won't believe and they won't help in exchange also after I posted pics. Please don't believe this platform, I last 1.5k
Myntra went from best shopping app to worst shopping app... had recebtly ordered a saree for which i paid 563 and on recieving the product ... the ptoduct quality was wrst ... upon requesting for return they initiated a refund of 463.. where did my 100 rupees went... i went for customer care toll free number where they told me ..it seems those shipping fees ,platform fees are non refundable... i mean the product wS bad... so i m returning but fr that i wont get full refund in fct donating 100
The best fashion shopping app I have ever used. I could say myntra stands top among all other shopping apps. Styles, price and services are excellent. Overall I could say Myntra is the best
I have purchased goods from Myntra and I find the app very convenient to use. It has some of my favourite brands and the way they catalogue the products is really effective and efficient. I just wish Myntra displays the year and the month of manufacture of the goods that it sells! By doing that it would be really awesome.
This App is a bug Master with countless bugs in it. Price also fluctuates a lot. It even sometime shows that price is lowest in last 7 days even if price was lower 1 day before. Yesterday I got an offer which said buy the product at Rs 204 in best offer for the product whose price was Rs 174. This 1 star is only for the product quality which is best in Myntra. But App deserves even less than 0 star.
The delivery agent picked up extra product and did not update on Myntra. Now they are not giving any update since past week. Every alternate day i only have to call and everytime they say they need more time. The delivery agents are theif
Warrest app.👎👎👎 I didn't seen like this online shopping app. they not doing delivers properly. I am ordered 6 products but I didn't receive any one order ( products) out off 6 orders.
Worst customer care service. Many times, despite raising queries, they remain unresolved, and without direct communication, the status gets updated as resolved.
I have been shopping with Myntra for years now but their delivery services are deteriorating ...either the delivery date is continuously delayed without any reasonable information or there is a problem with the product delivered ..8 hope it gets better
Very bad experience, I got wrong product and customer service doesn't work on it, they cancel all the time, very disappointed.
Now a days Myntra has become one of the worst shopping apps, continue wrong product delivery, then defective products, then they deny to take the return if image doesn't match, if they send wrong product, how can the image be matched? I was a regular customer of Myntra,but now a days it's just waste of time and money.
MYNTRA is the best shopping experience I have ever encountered and it's not just once it's every time and coupled with their great service exciting preview offers it's a lovely treat to shop with them...Kudos and keep up the good work 👏
I completely love this site, found it on EBay at first now I just order directly through them...I am always complemented on my outfits I will be back for more...Thank you for having cute trendy clothes that fit and look good. Read Less
I just loved this app. Myntra is the game changer in all respects. Huge collection at considerably discounted price with a number of discount enables you to maintain a brand based lifestyle within your budget 👍
Myntra used to be the best app when it comes to the look, the views, the filters provided etc. But lately even touch doesn't work at all. I remove it from cache and reload it but nothing. This happens mainly when there are sales ongoing. I had to check my phone multiple times with other apps but it's not the phone problem. Not sure how many others saw this. I use Android.
the app works well for most part ut sometimes we see a glitch when applying filters . either the sorting is reset or the filter is not applied correctly. plz check that
There was a time when I loved myntra but now Its just irritating after Flipkart's take over. They don't give you the convenience to choose a suitable delivery time ,even they pre scheduling the date but don't give an option to customer to choose it's convenient time of delivery.
No customer care support. Raised many complaints for same issue so many times, either tickets were closed without notifying me or got no response. Myntra used to be a better place for shopping.
This is very wrong, Myntra. I canceled my order many days ago, but it's still not canceled, and I haven't received my refund yet. The customer service is not good. This is not what I expected from Myntra.
Myntra is the worst shopping brand,,, i ordered the shoes,, but the delivery agent marked it delivered without delivering it to me.. Respite various complaints they are not returning my money,,, Request to all please use Flipkart and Amazon if you don't want to loose your money and time on Myntra
Delivery is very slow and they don't share Delivery partners number. Kindly work on your Delivery time and also update details about delivery partners like name and number on tracking screen. It's very difficult to connect customer Support over call
Hey Myntra team, having great experiance using the application. But you guys should upload high quality of image because I'm using the application on 11 inch tablet and the image is blurry and distorted.
Robbing customers in the name of shipping charges and platform fee, if you return their order you lose 99 rupees or maybe more very time. No other platform does this on returning products.Also the quality is never upto the mark hence initiating return is the option mostly.
I love this app so much!it's is so much better than its competitors. Myntra does a great job! Great app great customer service . It's is literally the best shopping app. Cheers to the team of Myntra. Luv it so much XOXOXO... 🥳🥳🥳.
I bought a shirt for 600 and returned it and got refund amount 480. It's even charging money for ordering items from the app and when you return those items the refund amount is less than what you have paid.
i liked very much myntra. Bcz very flexible to shopping online. Very trust worthy. productes are very good quality. Myntra newly introduced exchange offer that is very comfortable and useful 🌹🩷❤️🩷🌹
There was a add of Myntra in my fb feed of the discount on the product.but when i click the offer the add took me to my Myntra app but there were no such discount on those products. So I took the screenshot of my fb feed. Such misleading add by you.
It's completely cheating online app It just don't value customer issues and they look for only money even after showing proofs that they sold defective electronic gadgets.... please don't trust this app and even their executives don't provide valid reasons for declining the return request
Great work on options that you provide, style exchange is one of them. Except for the first order, everything's great about this app.
All the clothing accessories and cloth I buy only from Myntra. As all the brands are available in Myntra people can shop their favourite brands and this is my favourite shopping app and all the products are really good. I'm shopping since long time from Myntra and I suggest many people to go with this app if they're purchasing any cloth or accessories!
Very fast delivery and such a nice app suggest alot options
They have started cheating customers. First they give a coupon, when u use it, their system voids the transaction and then they say coupon is used and cannot be used again. Pls beware.
app is ok and items suppled are also good but if you want to return it is very tricky compare to other ecomerce site as they dont give any receipt of return pick up also msg is not given some times after 2 or 3 day later you will recieve msg and if a item lost it is not their responsibility also when they delivered they immediaty take your sign.now they are intentionly sent wrong products and then for returning that wrong product they asking so much details after that they raise issue refundno
Worst experience in shopping with i ordered two pants from Myntra they doesn't even deliver a product but marked it has delivered, regarding i contacted more than 10 times they told we will do our best but nothing has done from them . It is almost 20+ days . Don't shop in Myntra Spam app Wrost experience #waste of money
I love Myntra, The feature of Return Exchange and Replace Options are the game changer of Myntra. Also the way they sale the New Articles time to time. Much better than others shopping platform.
Horrible. The payment portal doesn't let you pay online, the button just freezes. Instead if you opt for COD, it accepts the payment but adds 30/- extra for COD charges. If this isn't a scam, what is?
Myntra has grown to be the poorest Shopping app out there, Orders are not delivered properly, Customer executives are not helpful & nothing seems to resolve your issues. From the best app to this. Won't shop anymore on myntra
In my opinion this app is average neither good nor bad .// But there are many products whose price's are low but as you open the Product it's price get high IDK why? Overall it's not my type but you can download it ~ If you want to 😀
Even after selecting express deilvery order was not delivered on time and cancelled from their end and does not show tracking details. Also service from Customer care is not good they say problem has solved even when its not sloved.
My product of libas kurta set exchange is still pending from 15days and I'm continuously calling to customer care and they said we are working on it to resolve this issue.....such a bad experience from Myntra I got first time...the return process of product is not good it takes to much time to confirm the product and tag loop intact an all and the no tag loop is not matching even they don't believe on customer ...so next time how should we order from this app it's worthless
I am not happy with your service bcz I wanted to purchase Monte Carlo olive green stripped full sleave sweater. You were giving 45% discount on it, I put it in wishlist to place the order in later stage. But I shocked to see when I was intending to place the order for this item, you remove the discount and put it in full rate. Now I have place the order will you plz give me discount on it.
Worst experience, you order product today nd wait for 2weeks, but on delievery day they cancel it on ita own, nd say delievery failed, nd no one helps you at that stage,no agent picks up call nd help. Order is stuck, ypur money is stuck. Worstttttttt experience.....!!
I had returned the product on 24 Feb and I got a message that the amount is refunded instantly on UPI but till date I haven't received any refund. I have been calling the customer care a number of times but they do not respond properly, they only say check with the bank but the bank says to check with Myntra. It's been more than 15 days yet there is no further update. If this will happen then how am I going to trust and I will think twice before even buying a product on Myntra.
So slow to load. please update your app.. doesn't open so many times. Please update your trafic control on your app and make it smoother to scroll. Loading is very slow
This is the third time when I've received products that are not true to the size chart. The last time I ordered a size L dress and received a size S. This app has fallen so bad.
I'm facing an issue wherein after clicking on the shopping bag button it is just loading and not showing me my bag items. I'm afraid if I reinstall I'll loss all my wishlist and bag items. Help me out.
Consider this zero star rating. Refund policy is not good, refunds into mytracredits, which has expiry!! That is refund payment, money.. Not points to expire. Lost some refund payment due to this. Never using myntra again.
Totally fraud platform. They deliver used products and while asking for return they do not take it. Rather then buying anything from this platform u better throw your money in the well.
Worst customer service its been 3 days my order is still not confirm even after my money is deducted from account and there customer service says it takes 20 mins max to confirm a order plus there customer service is AI so its more annoying that it can answer specific question which he gives a option of u cant ask ur question
This app is just waste of time . it is working literally slow and price of item increases when we try to place the order . I t is just a scam . u should work on this and give reasonable price
The new version bcms the worstttt version of the app! Taking so many extra charges is not right at alll!!! I use to luv this app bt now it suckss!! Whyy you're taking platform fees ,COD fee and shipping fees toooo even after an order of above 1000 Rs ""Whyyy""" . That's not appropriate at all !! Please be the one how you were used to ,,bczz it's the only shopping online app that I uses! So far!!! kindly "STOP TAKING EXTRA CHARGES" Improve yourself!!!
Worst experience with mytra. Never purchase anything from mytra. Cheaters they will send missing items and they won't refund for missing items. Bloody fellows. Ajio and Amazon are so far better
Have been using Myntra since more than 5 years but from past few months they have sent me different product for different order. They couldn't keep up with their quality check. Disappointed.
Never order costly items from this app instead get it from store coz telling from my experience what ever I have ordered for around 5k and above is not at all satisfactory and as per Myntra policy of return or replace in 7 days it works completely fine and than suddenly starts giving wierd problems
Have never seen a company with delivery system as bad as myntra. Constantly holding off delivery , holding off refund money for no reason , sending in wrong products, refusing return. Just a pain of not for the no of options in their store.
I ordered shoe from myntra and after receiving the product was not loooking like a photo so I requested for the return. But then agent came and rejected the return request for the unused product. This type of service is not acceptable myntra. Return the product and initiate the refund. Still waiting for your reply on email.
I have been using this App for a long time and till date has not experienced any trouble. For few items the delivery took longer but was delivered on time as provided in the App.
I've been using this app from past 5 years and till date no concerns.one of the best shopping platforms,easy to exchange,large in variety,especially my size plus one's are totally worth it I've been a happy customer of mantra from the beginning and I appreciate the team for the work and satisfaction they've provided me so far
I have been using Myntra since years now but it is becoming worse worse and worst these days. Collection is too good no doubt but the delivery is taking a hell lot of time I think they should reconsider the decision of diverting deliveries to ekart
Worst experience with myntra, completely not worth please don't buy in myntra. Ordered an shoe, I have not delivered any item but it is showing as delivered in the app and the customer service is so lathogic and the experience is so pathetic..
Myntra used to be good before however it has degraded its service. To start with product quality has been compromised , the wrong item is delivered and the list goes on.
Product other and send other, when customer asking for return or replacement it's said u take discount scheme so u r not eligible. Compare to amazon it refund and replacement both option available. That was my first and last time for shopping that app
As you add the product in your wishlist, the price will increase to double next day. I'M shopping from myntra since long but now i have to search for betther option. Really disappointed myntra.
I am uninstalling this app and i want to say everyone.... stop shopping through Myntra because they show return 7, 15 0r 30 days.... but after return they cut platform and shipping charge which they dont show during payment as they are not refundable.... Myntra is a worst online shopping platform .....
Very poor quality and price too higher than Flipkart, Amazon and other app all products is duplicate. Costumer care support is very poor not solved any problem after complaining many times 😡😡 don't purchase anything.
Bahut hi ghatiya app hai,,, They did not even send a product to me or showed it as delivered for use on their app or their help center says that they told me after 72 hours, so they cannot refund you.. Or the second product is sent damaged after use. Sent it for return and are saying sorry for that also. The meaning of their policy is just give them your money or forget about it.
Worst app ever. First experience itself is the worst one. What can I expect in future.My order delayed for 4th time. Still I didn't get any parcel. And more over they are postponding continuously and asking me to wait till that date. Most irresponsible ppl ever. Plz don't instal it. I'm uninstalling it😤😤🤬😡😡😡😡😡
I didn't except from Myntra that much bad service... Whenever I just ordered something it get cancelled automatically ... Please improve your service because it caused trouble to us as we wait for but later we get informed that our order is cancelled 😞😡
Never faced any glitch if you recieved faulty products or over sized + There is so much of plenty range at very affordable products. Still i love the way myntra is dealing with customers. Waiting for sale in Tshirts Brand. Thanks
I ordered a jeans, i got low quality item. I used coupon while ordering the product. Because of the low quality i have to return that item. 1. Since the coupon is not utilised yet, not able to use it now. 2. Even though I complaint about quality of no action was taken. 3. When i called customer care, they rudely dropped the call without giving proper solution.
Flipkart is better than Myntra.... atleast the prices are reasonable according to the quality of the product...but Myntra is just looting the buyers... prices are very high..low quality product and specially the Anouk brand it's too cheap
Truly a very bad online platform they don't know there delivery partner do not have control on them. Showing fake delivery attempts. Never on time. They will ruin your special day. Never order from Myntra. Such a worst experience.
Mantra is cheating app. Please don't use this app.simply they send wrong product and while refund they will deduct platform fee and shipping fee. Without selling product muytra simply earing money. Brilliant idea
I’m not happy with the Myntra app. It’s been really slow and doesn’t respond well. It’s also missing a chat feature for help, which other apps have.
The app says get your Myntra Kotak Credit Card in 60 minutes. So I applied for it on 16th March 24, thinking I'll place my order once I receive the card and avail the discount. Today is 21st Mar 24, I haven't received it yet. Out of 4 products in my cart, 2 of them have gone out of stock. "Get your card in 60 minutes" was so misleading, I want to cancel my application for Myntra Kotak Credit Card.
Pathetic service, took more than 10 days just to deliver a pair of shoes. Even fast delivery promised products getting delayed too. Won't mind switching to another platform.
Awful app and hopeless service. Do not ever place a pre-paid order from this stupid app. Their app is endorsed by famous personalities and now I understand why. Their service is ridiculous and thus they need big names to keep thier business going, dirty and cheap marketing tactics!
Initially it was good ,but now they are stealing things from your prepaid parcels ,I didn't receive a watch from a prepaid parcel and no one is their to look in the matter ,thieves on net ..my experience lately is worst ,don't buy any thing prepaid can go for cash on delivery and pl check the items in parcel physicaly before making the payments...don't ever bye pre paid parcels ...
We have given back to return product is not same, very bad experience and very bad management. The product has already been picked up today but it's showing that it will be pick up on Wednesday please refund by tomorrow.
I used Myntra for long period of time but recently I received wrong product but customer service didn't process the return correctly and my return was cancelled. I am it is more than 4 days but my issue hasn't resolved. This was my last purchase from Myntra.
Horrible experience !! Disgusting service ever I have been trying for return pick up for 4 days. Delivery person without even coming my doorstep, hold my return. He reported the reason of quality check for no reason. For 3 days I am wasting my time calling customer care and no response. They are again and again asking for waiting and waiting each day. Going to uninstall this Horrible app after dumping the item in the dustbin.
One should be able to order single article directly,, without going into bag Because after going to bag,,,either we have to deselect other things from bag or it orders all items in bag Flipkart and Amazon are better in this matter
Recent purchase of shoes they forcefully gave me NONRETURNABLE COUPONS which clearly I remember I didn't opt for as this the BIGGEST AND FRAUDULENT TRICK OF MYNTRA -THE NON RETURNABLE COUNPONS .When I tried to exchange the size even as the original NON RETURNABLE ITEM didn't fit and of poor quality;they had omitted the next bigger size.Once I called the customer care THE SIZE REAPPEARS ON THE APP.Thats TOTALLY REDICULOUS AND FRAUDULENT kind of behavior of MYNTRA.WE AS CUSTOMER ARE BEING CHEATED.
The team is constantly wasting the time by giving timelines if any complain is reaised. There is no serious resolution given. Worst app to order anything . Avoid wasting money on such apps where any of the customer concern is neglected. Worst app ever 👎 Can never trust again.
The WORST. Recently I reordered something but wanted to return because of poor quality. They denied stating in my area pickup is not available. I ordered one more product little later. This time a wrong product was delivered and they are not even ready to take it back. I'm unable to understand why they are delivering when they can't pickup the products. I spoke to customer service but no use. I lost my money, time and trust on Myntra. For sure I'm not going to use anymore and refer this App
Worst customer support. Lost my refund money to the app. And not even able to shop anything since 3-4 months..customer support isn't of any use. Just fake promises
Very unprofessional experience. They could not deliver a single package without hassle. In fact they called me to their warehouse for collecting the package. They don't understand meaning of home delivery. The delivery guy reached another place 4 km away and refused to come to my place. The issue is still open at their end and you cannot cancel the order.
No customer support provided by myntra. Given that the delivery tracking number shows the wrong AWN in their website for a couple of days trying to through phone call and chat which didn't work out.
It's very very Good For SHOPPING clothes All the brands are 100 💯 prcnt real so I always use it for clothing shopping and I also suggest you guys it's real brand. If you want to feel real feeling in your clothing style must buy cloth in Myntra without any hesitation Thank you team Myntra.
Worst shopping experience... Ordered something first time and express delivery delayed by week and no response even raising ticket and issue...No contacts absolutely no attention given...Deleting app right away...Buy from some other apps ...
Worst Shopping App. I had applied for product exchange and they kept on stretching the entire scene for a week now. Very poor products and customer services
I'm not able to see my cart since I've updated the app. It's been 2 weeks and every time I connect with the team, they only have one answer "wait for 24 hours".
I trust Meesho more than Myntra. They always send me completely different product. Once I returned and they send me the wrong product again! Just today I received another completely different top and I am done with Myntra. Never shopping from them again.
I am not able to see items in my wishlist!!! I had selected products and added it to wishlist!! I am not able to see even a single product!!
Myntra always being favourite online shopping 🛍️ get everything that women's looks for for parties for vacation clothes for night suits for kitchen for bathroom for kitchen utensils everything that people needs fullfill and the best amazing part is that refund reflect immediately that is the plus + point , this application never disappoint coustomers and never disappoints me ⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐+⭐
The app disappointed me so much, I send request so many times to give my order before my festival but they didn't and they did not allow me to chat again. Very poor service
Worst platform, they charge 100 rupees delivery charges whenever u order even the cart value is 5000. Product also comes from local shop or footpath I guess, that's why quality is always poor.
Myntra is probably the worst site to order things . I ordered some tshirts and the products came before delivery date . Their was no notification and no call and the status shown was delivery failed . Deeply disappointed by myntra .
App is not responding from a long time. I can see my wishlist but not my cart.l can not order anything from my number. I uninstalled the app and installed again but no result was found . Plz help.
TODAY I HAD VERY WORST EXPERIENCE FROM MYNTRA. I CALLED AND TRY TO CONNECT BUT UNABLE TO DO SO I STRONGLY RECOMMEND TO AVOID THIS MYNTRA E-COMMERCE BETTER GO WITH @AMAZON ATLEAST FASTER DELIVERY AVAILABLE THEIR AND SAME MYNTRA TOOK 3X TIME TO DELIVER THE SAME PRODUCT AND NO UPDATES SHOWING BEFORE PROMISE DATE.
Myntra is my go-to app for shopping. It's convenient to search products, easy return-exchange, categoried. Sometimes, get good offers too!
Your gift in which we have to do the spin I was rewarded a apple watch se but it always cancelled it. So now I came to conclusion that myntra is the worst app and reviews are totally fake meesho is better.
As a frequent shopper on the Myntra app, I must express my disappointment with the platform's deceptive sizing tactics. Far too often, I've fallen victim to the illusion created by Myntra, where the size of the product displayed online differs significantly from the reality upon delivery.
Every item is available at a higher price on Myntra, whereas on other shopping apps like Flipkart and Amazon, the same item is available at a very affordable price and on shopping up to Rs. 500 on Amazon and Flipkart delivery charges are also free and on Myntra the delivery charges and convenience charges are always included, and their marketing strategy is also such that as much discount is available on using the coupons, they recover the same amount of money from the customer in other ways.
WOW! a lesson learnt after being loyal customer from a long time. Now never going to reinstall the app or visit Myntra and never gonna recommend to anyone. Myntra is not follo They sent me package without any tag on items and when it didn't fit me i returned it the same day and now they are saying return rejected as tags was not present it didn't passed quality check. Now they will not refund. How do you expect for tags.
Had a very very bad experience with Myntra. This was my 1st order and i am not going to order from them again. I ordered for a product and waited for long time and i had entered right details but I don't know how my phone number was wrongly entered. I had to cancel the product because the phone number was wrong and OTP was being sent to wrong number. Bad experience.
Had issue with return/refund earlier days mynta were use to be good but nowadays it seems to be problematic had return the product but didn't get refund. Also cancelled the product but didn't get the refund of that...
Too much time to take deliver the products I have received my product after 15 days. Not good service and also they delivered in wrong address and parsal was prepaid kindly resolved this issues.
For a return request to Myntra the pick up guy told the tag is mismatching. When reached out to Myntra they said they are raising an investigation request and they simply closed. This was repeated for 3 times. The next time somehow got connected to her manager. And the manager disconnected the call immediately. the problem is the product return request was raised the same day if the tag is missing we can take responsibility. for mismatch we ourselves don't have option verify while delivering.
The app is fantastic, I have no issues with app but unfortunately I have no other place to give review about their pricing policy that they will take seriously. The price is changing just so frequently that it becomes just so annoying. I added 3 jeans in cart and tried to make payment. My payment got failed and I was redirected to cart again and in this span of 2 3 minutes, price of one of jeans was increased by 100.
worst experience!! when I exchange one defective product the app does not work smoothly so I have to return that product and buy a new one for this more price imposed to my product
Plz don't buy from here they cancel order saying technical error and then refund in there wallet which need to be redeemed in the app only Request to app, don't do Fraud with customer. Need to complaint to consumer foram.
Myntra takes only good feedback and if there is any problem then it not takes bad feedback for that item And the order does not arrive on the given date nor is there any update for it. Very Disappointed 👎🏻
Mostly the experience has been amazing. Sometimes if there is an issue, their return policy is so good that you'll not hesitate to buy from Myntra. Definitely recommend
Worst shopping app I have ever seen...I order 2 items from this side..one was damaged..and other product was delivered as a wrong product..and refuse to taken back..also customer care service was totally hopeless..Plz don't shopping from this app..your money will be blocked by this app
Waste Apps No customer support no service at all no one is there to resolve i can't even login and they are not providing any solution 😭😭 very much disponted with i have 20000 points on Myntra but I can't use it as Myntra account is blocked by your end such a scam you guys are doing and I am going to report it every where
I think now it's turning bad. I had really bad experience with a return. I was asked to selfship the product as return pick was not available. I did that and receipt was also confirmed. But then the nightmares started. I have not received my refund till now it's been more than 1 month. Also system is creating false return request and everyday poor delivery agent is coming to our home but there is nothing to return now. To close the system compalin they update false information and close. Bad.
Im not satisfied with them as I ordered on 11/3/24 and my expected delivery date was 16/3/24th today the date is 24/3/24 still I haven't got my product and whenever I file a complaint they don't give me exact delivery date and issue they r being facing. Product delivery is very much delayed.this is my last order from Myntra
Myntra is the worst application, please don't do any shopping from here, I ordered 6 items from here, and I got only five items from I think last item are come in a few days, then I check may orders they show order has been delevery, I contacted with customer care they said that I can't help you
Shopping Bag option is not opening from 5 days .... I'm totally confused what's the problem with Myntra ???? Kindly check the problem.... I want to buy something buy I can't because of the problem.... Please solve all the problems about the App ...
looting customers 1. 150+fine on next order if customer returns defective/wrongly described products especially color and fabric 2. platform fee 20 bucks 3. cod charges 10 bucks extra total scam like Flipkart most of the time website description of products are wrong... transparent thin material, wrong color/fabric/length/size etc
I am unable to checkout my bag. Selected products in the bag doesn't show up on the screen to enable checkout. Pls resolve my issue at the earliest to continue shopping happily
They do not deliver any product, fake app and waste of Money. Fake company. Do not deliver products and mark it delivered. Do not shop from this website and application. Very bad customer service and after sales services.
Horrible experience...They send wrong product and when you return the product they will reject your return saying we have send correct product very bad experience with myntra since 2 3month I had very bad experience with myntra they had reject my oder as they had deleverd wrong shade product it's there mistake but they decline your request and you will have to bear the loss.worst myntra
Dont order from this app.. they just looted you... They charge platform fee minimum RS20 in each order .. If you return the product your money will be back but they does not back the platform fee . In every customer they just looted you.
I love this app!! Myntra is an amazing platform for all shoppers! The best, might I say. Myntra is so helpful towards its customers, they take time to understanding your complaint and always solve your issue. Great job myntra!
Very nice 👌 app. And I have booked a smart watch from this app too. Which will come on 11th March. I hope it comes so nicely and good. This app is nice from my side. But not too nice 😕 🙂 🙃 😒. Some people say that this app is not nice 😕.
Very bad experience from myntra customer support team and they won't deliver the items as promised delivery date. Very rude behavior from the support team as well. I won't suggest to anyone this website for purchase
I am using myntra since many years, recently I ordered 2 dresses and returned one dress. Delivery person took the dress and not updated the app. I have raised ticket with myntra also, but they closed it without my notice. Will never order in myntra from now.
Why I am unable to make payment??I am clicking on "payment " and still it is not proceeding.I am stuck over this since the last night. I even uninstall it and install it again and still facing the same issue.
It used to be my favorite app but now it's sending expired beauty products without verifying it further!! Also not getting options for request return policy!
It's a very bad app I ordered twice both time I got different items wt i ordered i wont get that, then they will remove the return option also.
Worst experience. I ordered a product they made me wait for 15 days. There is no update on the product. Everytime I call customer service the only thing they say it to wait. Useless people even they have no idea about the product.
2 of my successive prepaid package was not delivered to me but the delivery status said it's delivered. I got the money of the 1st package after complaining to Myntra and hoped that it will not happen again but it happened.We did not even recieved any call from the delivery boy. Myntra should change their system because it's a scam. You should provide OTP for every prepaid orders. Very bad experience from such huge platform like Myntra!!
Myntra is cheating their customers. They didn't send the complete product and not even accepting it. I raised the complaint the moment I received the product. Now they have become bigger so, trying to do fraud.
The cancelled order amount has not been refunded. It is saying it's not refundable after cancelling the order. And in the product page it is showing as eligible for refund.
Don't use myntra site as they don't fulfill customers fulfilment. They sell products on discounted price later they not delivered product by saying technical issues. Also not compensate for that and not resolved customers complaints..
Simply Superb, User friendly app, lots of variety, 'View Similar' this option is very helpful, Brands discount plus bank discounts makes it quit economical. Overall Experience is Nice Thanks Team Myntra ☺️👍
Pathetic customer service. My product exchange got cancelled by seller and the customer service team does nothing other than apologizing. They never seem to have stable internet connection to fetch order status and no solution at all.
I recently ordered one product from Myntra, they delivered a different product and they are denying to pick up the wrong one. They are not even proving refund, it's already been 20 days. I even complained to their customer service thrice, they'll say we have raised ticket but nothing will happen from that.
There customer service is really bad.they dont give specific reason. I ordered shoes byt the box was empty the parcel was in a really bad condition. I told the delivery boy i will not receive they told our rating will drop. You return it. But the box is empty and myntra is saying we give quality assured ww cant do anything about it 1800rs scam.
Myntra is all fake They're showing something else and sending something else and returning the product is to Headache It's their responsibility to check the product before sending to customer i am deleting this app and not gona use Anymore
They remove negative reviews of products you write on their app, they constantly try to cheat customers. I ordered 2 vests and they offered 15rs cashback if i opt for the option that i can't return it. I thought since it is vest and i know the size i wanna order, i don't need to return it. Myntra deliberately sent used stained vests so i can't return it. They add additional charges which is tough to detect. Pathetic cheats. A company who is willing to cheat customers is unsafe to order from:(
Myntra is the best platform on which I can count on.... It is the first online shopping platform which make me feel confident about whatever I order.... This is best and it has excellent service....
Too many frauds nowadays. Items with missing tags received. They cannot be exchanged and you lose money. Better but in store.
im giving it three star cause it is taking additional charges like convenience fee , COD charge , and deliver charge not depends on price. sometimes it takes delivery charge on 1500-2000 cart value
Worst return policy. I ordered a red saree worth rs 944/- and Myntra delivered a dupatta.now they are declining return request saying quality check is correct...wrong product delivered and not ready to return as well... Worst experience in online shopping
Very poor offlate in terms of ease of using the app. Not able to log in and frequent internal server issues
This app has a bad delivery experience.they cancel order without our permission.Also delivery boy's behaviour was bad.😔 They don't understand our problem.overall bad experience. But now they improved and give good deals for new users
Poor experience ever had. Order one blazer on 24th March and till today it's showing the delivery on 21st April, like who take 1 month time to delivery product. It's better to use other applications No proper response from customer care also chat option not good.
Worst customer support. Also, on orders we cant provide service feedbacks. Its goes under review and gets rejected. Then who do you even that the option of feedback.
They are doing fraud with their customers.. they provide the product without tag and when customer wants to return the product they asked for tag... How come is it possible.. please stop this... Somebody's hard earned money is wasted here
payment has issues. the amount is deducted twice and when trying to reach customer care related to this, it's a tedious process.
I was charged with convenience fee of 199. Even though there was not enough returns and also few locations where return is the only option to exchange the product. This kind of service from myntra is not at all acceptable. Its better to order from other online retailers. Strongly recommend not to use myntra. Note: If an app giving an warning to it's Customer that your return rate getting high and take appropriate action. And all the orders were not returned and suddenly now convenience fee add
Worst site ever...Improve the customer service... If someone prepaid for a product give a code for that.... One delivery boy recive my product without inform me. What to do i lose my money. i cannot connent to the customer support.
App is not working properly. While placing orders and payment got failed then they are confirming order on COD mode without asking. Very disappointed.
Myntra is place where you can find original product. not substandard product. its trust worthy app but hidden charges are not imposed on every product.platform charge is totally useless
Didn't received the prepaid order product and myntra not ready to give the refund. Call center staff very unhelpful.On writing my issue on play store, they asked to write on appfeedback@ myntra. Com on 5th April but no reply till now. Very frustrating. Feel cheated on.
Cannot login to my account as it says' too many login attempts detected'... also it is so difficult to chat with customer executives.I'm am so frustrated as I have so many myntra credits with my account..urghhh
Myntra still didn't solve my issue. I just want to return this item. Now they are not taking it back saying the brand name is not written on the collar. The product is unused and tag is still there. This is how the product came. The brand name is written on the tag but on the collar it is a different name. I just refund. Myntra sent me the wrong colour with no brand name written on the collar.
It's a fraud company. They will send shirts which are of improper size and then when you return, they will deduct platform and delivery fees from you even though they are the one who did send the improper size of shirts. Better to buy from other players except Flipkart and myntara since both of them are same.
I personally hate this app, the platform & convince charges extra adding. It is better to buy clothes at local stores and other Amazon, flipkart, etc.
I have returned an item but my refund is still pending from last 1 month and every time I call them they sat we have created although the ticket gets automatically resolved and my refund is pending and I also don't have item that I ordered
Worst e-commerce I ever seen . There is no customer Value. There is no support from customer care. You couldn't connect with them when urgency. They are selling used third quality product . Product delivery also pathetic. They people are don't know about materials handling. I suggest don't buy anything from #Myntra.
Iam very disappointed because I ordered sports shoes first colour is not matching and the size also different and I returned and next two times also same it's happened totally I ordered the product 3times every same repeat and I call to customer care they are not responding.😡😡😡😡
I have little to no idea how online shopping sites works but trust me Myntra is one site that i will think multiple times before I actually invest my time n money into it cause IT SUCKS! Cause guys it does take a whole lot of time & effort & mental energy to choose a suitable product from the lot and the next thing i know after placing the order is that my order has been cancelled. 😒 seriously!
1) WORST when it comes to DELIVERY ! I ordered one shirt and it was 
supposed to be delivered within 13 days (slowest amongst all other shopping 
sites). Today is 22nd day and still I've not received my order. Good UI and 
products though
The very worst shopping app ever used, placed twice the order paying amount before delivery easily after a week they cancel the ordered item by increasing the price of the same item, very worst experience just want to ask myntra don't you ashamed doing this?
Since more than month myntra app is not working... Don't know why they are not fixing internal error. This app is now problematic to use.
Worst experience. I RECEIVED WRONG PRODUCT. MADE EXCHANGE REQUEST AS INSTRUCTED IN THE APP BUT ON DELIVERY DAY THE DELIVERY BOY TOLD ME TO CALL COSTUMER CARE AND THEN MAKE TO RECEIVED THE PRODUCT AND EVEN AFTER DOING ALL THIS I got the wrong product again.
It's an oganised fraud what Myntra is running. Multiple Picking up attempts are failed however on the same address they are delvivering articles regularly even after return request. I lost my hard earned money and the bueuty is.... This fraud E-com only says "Sorry" They update customer complaints as "Resolved" Even with no resolution. So that is why I called it fraud Fraud Myntra biggest fraud. They only claim returns but actually they don't mean that
Fast service... Every product is very reasonable and quality superb .Thank you so much Myntra shopping App.every day a new offers. Simple and easy shopping from Myntra. I am always exited per day new offers with new arrivals .Thnx a lot nd Happy shopping. namaste India 🇮🇳 best quality, best offers ,best service, best delivery, easy shopping 🛍without free shipping, extra cupon every new arrivals.finaly I am very happy so exited shopping by #MYNTRA. Thnx for supporting me by Myntra all team.🙏
i actually comfort with myntra and mentioned in many platform that im pretty much comfortable and some things makes me disappointed also but comparatively more i love to shop myntra something recently ive order a dress and the photo shows a nice clothe but i got a kind of bad material so thankyou
Because of the number of returns done on the app it's charging extra. Shameful as it's a clothing app and size can be issue plus in COVID people did shopping like that
I have changed my view abt Myntra coz u can't review the proclducts honestly. If something is missing out of what you have ordered, your review isn't approved saying it's a service related issue.. then who takes care of service.. it's Myntra only na!! Then why reviews aren't approved!! And then you also charge convenience fee being so INCONVENIENT
Gald you moved you filter options back to bottom. App is easy to navigate, hassle free exchange/return and good payment options you can combine Myntra credit with COD unlike other eCommerce apps.
I am a very old customer . But in this year I am highly disappointed from myntra shopping experience. I have ordered a product, when I got this , its not at all same colour as it was there in picture, the size was one size small , I returned it immediately. Next day they picked it up and that day at night I got a message that refund on hold as quality check failed and its a used product. I have not tried once even. I have returned the product exactly as it was . Worst customer experience.
Extremely happy. Delivering same products as shown in photo. Quality is amazing. Retunds and refunds are on time. Good customer service
Useless customer support, couldn't exchange the product (we have not broken tag, still delivery agent getting error while scanning the code) . Going to uninstall this soon
Wierd interface, I'm not able to search products from the categories the interface is complex and stupid. It's like Gen-Z puked on it.
I used to like this app but now I hate this app, it has the worst system for customer care, delay in delivery, problems in returning product and blah blah. Worst worst customer care service
This app is insanely slow. No fun shopping. Products and choices are amazing. But takes a toll on patience
I don't know what's wrong but i placed an order on 5th April and today's 15 April it said tht my product will be delivered in a few days i waited today was the last day for the product to be delivered but always the delivery attempt is failing fix this issue
App is slow at times, filters don't work sometimes but overall app is okay. But Myntra folks are being shady and purposely not approving bad reviews. 5 star reviews they quickly approve but they are citing some bs reasons for not approving the genuine 1 star / 2 star reviews. Stop doing shady stuff.
Myntra Birthday Sale - On the last day of the sale, Myntra offers are not working. There is huge delay in payment page and OTPs are not working. Didn't get the discounts as promised by Myntra. The extra 12.5% discounts was not allowed. Also none of the bank cards working for Myntra now. Very disappointed!!
I'm extremely dissatisfied with the lack of commitment towards fulfilling the benefits promised for elite membership. Despite the clear mention of redeeming coins for Myntra gift cards, this option is not available in reality. Hope Myntra will resolve the issue.
I had very bad experience with mytra, I ordered a top with S size, they delivered M. Next time when I ordered watch , it was supposed to be delivered on next day, but they cancelled it, and after that for next 2 days delivery partner cancelled by delivery by marking false reason.
I ordered a track pant from Myntra which developed a tear after just 3-4 washes. Not only was I told that it was out of warranty, but Myntra's moderators removed my review. I got a message saying 'Manual Moderation rejected'. My review was both genuine and polite. It is a shame that Myntra removes reviews that don't fit their narrative. Also, Myntra doesn't reply to feedback emails. They only send automated replies to Google Play reviews. It's a shame, really.
My very bad experience on myntra was when I ordered body lotion or got empty box, I had to undergo reinvestigation 2-2 times and then 2-3 customer care talks with supervisor but still I did not get refund for body lotion i rupees was also stuck i Doesn’t recommended to anyone for shopping
Worst delivery experience lately, wrong item delivered and during exchange they does not include my reason thus resulting in failed exchange and day after they cancelled the exchange. So i have to bear the wrong product
Overall it's a good aap . But they never update the tracking of the item .you need to wait for so long to get your packages
Awesome shopping place, though little bit expensive. Some times dilivers different products but provide hassle free returns. Am shopping since 2009
products shown on MYANTRA are good quality.. what you have to do is to minutely search, & order as you wish.. Product delivery service is excellent!!The dresses whatever I purchse on MYNTRA till now are good. THANK YOU, MYNTRA!!!
Worst delivery service I've placed an order in Myntra it took 2 days for package 3 days for shipping and 7 days for delivering. Overall I've received the product on 12th day after placing the order. Highly not recommended for the people who wanted the product with in 6 days.
Horrible . From last one week I unable to check the products . I Uninstalled and installed 2times but still facing problem. Please check it or may be you may have to loose ur valuable customer
It is not about the app..but myntra...it is no longer the same....wrong products being sent..or orders being cancelled or not being deliveres...all this has become way much common...disappointed in myntra. Myntra support sucks
I've using myntra after so long. And have great experience but now my shopping bag option is not opening plz fix it as soon as possible🙌.
Worst in customer care , I ordered a product and they were unable to deliver and they are cancelling the order after 10 days. Inbetween they took 5 days for investigation . I am not sure now how many days they will take to return the money back
very bad experince with this app .i order smartwatch and recive defective pice then i exchang with another .again recive open seal and deffective product dont buy smart watch from myntra ..they are not return or exchang deffective products
Absolutely disrespectful support execs. The delivery /pick up agents never answer the call. Made a call to register the complaint but felt like dealing with some unprofessional people and they hung up on me.
Wow! That's crazy. They never came back to pick up my return order and now they are accusing me of changing the product and closed the investigation. Well done guyss. Is it only me .. or is this platform getting worse everyday.
What is wrong with this app it's so annoying,same pincode they dileverd but now it's showing not deliverable I have my money in Myntra credit but now suddenly I'm unable to use please fix it
This app was working fine day before yesterday. But now everything working fine but it's not showing my cart. Please check. Am using android phone
Every shoe product I bought from Myntra comes with poor finishing and stitches all over , when you exchange the same product price goes up and even not full amount is refunded. I hated this app
I really get a bad experience in the refund process.Even till the date i don't get my refund. I cancelled my order because of long delivery but my amount do not recieved yet.I do not recommend others to pay through upi.
They were not allowed to use super coins and we can't even redeem our super coins on voucher but it is a good online shopping app
If you can't exchange on address then why you deliver the product on that address. Also exchange order cancelled automatically after 24 hr. And then you guys simply say sorry. Don't buy anything from myntra thay have 0 support.
My shopping experience with Myntra is excellent...they have the exact product shown on App. And overall Quality of all products is good.
I have been using this app for so long and was one of my favourite shopping app But from one week am unable to open my cart to proceed my order and complaint but my prblm is not resolved till now
I order 5 items, but there are not delivering , in app it's showing order delayed if I try to contact with costumer care not able to connect with them no response it's very bad
I do all my shopping online, as I hardly get time to go shopping..here I get all my favorite international brands ,i am quite choosy and prefer quality over price👍still like a cherry on cake, sometimes the offers I get are so good that visiting a store would not match the shopping experience I get at home! Return policy is convenient too, though I had an issue of wrong cosmetic product delivery once,(due to which I m giving 4 stars!) Otherwise its the most loved shopping destination for me👍❤😁
Best online shopping application ever. I am using this since 2012. Zero disappointment so far. User friendly filters and operating system as well as I have always done prepaid orders and no tension on returns and getting money back in my account. Wife range of brands and option that makes me lazy to stay at home and not visiting any malls. Blessing in COVID pandemic.
They are delivering me wrong product back to back. And when it comes to return/exchange the item, first the customer care agree with that but the delivery partner refuse to take the product.
Completely misleading discount coupons and the annoying part is its tax and delivery charges. The items are also overpriced. Its would be bettr if dey would add the tax in the price itself. Amazon provides free delivery for price more than 499 but for myntra its 999. The product delivery also takes a lot of time. I m completely dissappointed.
Recent observations is almost every product tags r missing...very difficult to select customer care against specific options ( given in app) towards ultimately reaching CC Team. It's a serious problem facing nowadays
I Wanted to give some feedback regarding delivery process, there should be some option to choose specific time to delivery because as I do night shift I go to work at 4pm and deliver man call me 8pm so I fail to received my percel. Myntra or any other online shopping should have this option as a working person we are not 24 hours available to received delivery whenever they call us.
Myntra's service is amazing. From fast delivery, to option of returning and exchange. Only thing I hate is their coupon scam. They're hardly of any use while advertised in an attractive manner. I have one suggestion though, please include an option to receive notifications when a particular size/product is back in stock. For example, there's a very popular top, which has been out of stock for a while in my size, I would love to set a notification alert for it being back in stock.
Fraudsters. They sent me a nurses uniform instead of the formal trousers that I have ordered. I uploaded pics, and they told they will return. But never returned the item. I called them again, they told I haven't uploaded pics. I told I will upload again l. Then their bot kept asking to upload pics, but option of uploading was disabled myntra. I tried calling them again and again, no response. And myntra disabled the option to raise complain again for that item on app. Cheats, frauds, looters
I love myntra for its quality of products and even for variety, but i just want to give a feedback that there should be a option for separate your wishlist items according to coustomer for their better convience as in my wish list i have 600+ products including western clothes, ethnic clothes, skin care products, lingerie, accessories, shoes and many more so when i want to move any product from my wishlist to cart, so i have to search it by swiping the whole wish list, so there should be option.
Worst service. They don't approve to post any negative feedback on the products. Recently had purchased an umbrella and received a defective product. When I returned the product the delivery partner picked the product but refund was not initiated. When checked customer service executive they are telling the product was not received. Now it's already 2 months I haven't received the refund nor the product. Customer care executive is not ready to accept any complaint on this and not responding.
I deleted the app after some time of downloading it. Coz this app won't let you log in unless you give the OTP. There's no way to verify via email or send the OTP to email. You can't even contact them for help online. God forbid if you want to buy something for family or friends in India when you're abroad. Absolute garbage.
I just loved myntra, sometimes prices are high for the products but still they deliver the good quality and within the time frame Guyz I am facing the issue after the latest update. On the payment page, most of the time it says your payments gets failed or displays the pop up that are you sure want to stay on this page without tapping on back button and then redirects to payment gateway page
Their app man management and customer service is the worst one can ever experience. I had a Gift Card from Flipkart, I tried to redeem it and unfortunately I lost the e-mail id login, so I was unable to get OTP. I called their customer service many times and they asked me to make a new account and sent them e-mail with screen shot attached. I called them again n number of times all they do is blabber about fixing the problem. I think this is the worst app one can ever hope for.
They always change their app outlook i am looking for clothes and you guys have removed clothes option in your app you guys are only showing beauty products kindly provide category option instead of myntra fwd
Myntra Dear Sir/Madam, I am writing to formally lodge a complaint regarding a recent order I placed with Myntra,  Upon receiving the package on 18.03.2024, I discovered that the item delivered was not as advertised on your platform. The product I received differs significantly from the one I had ordered. , I received a totally different product of inferior quality. This discrepancy is not only misleading but also a violation of the terms of our transaction. Very bad experience with myntra
Cheaters...had ordered Godrej Acai Oil, when opened the package - oil had was already spilled & bottle was empty .. now making stupid excuses to admit their mistake !!! I'm ready to show them the unboxing video but instead of refund they are hell bent on insisting it was delivered fine. Shameless customer support. Once I get the refund, uninstalling and never coming back to this app. Arrogant Cheaters !!
Myntra is amazing when it comes to pricing, faster delivery, return refund. I have ordered many times and has to return some products, everything was way too fast u like other e-commerce platforms. Good Job Myntra!!
One of the worst application for shopping. They just contact the local stores who can provide them the items in a cheaper price and the local store tries to sell their defective product or first copy. Once you will receive a defective product they will never exchange your product. Instead of shopping from this online app. Better to go for the genuine showrooms to buy the products. Else go for Amazon which is quite better than myntra.
Most trusted app for shopping. Trendy & Fassion hub for all with top toch collection in international brands. Never compromise in quality.
Everything is good about Myntra. Provides quality products. There are just 2 things I'd suggest you to change if possible. one, reduce the amount of tax that gets added to final cart value. And second, add a feature of rating and reviews like other shopping apps. It would give other customers a better idea about the product they are thinking of buying.
I absolutely love this one. The only & the most convenient shopping app I've ever used & come across. From millions of options to shop from to easy exchanges and returns, every single thing about this is to love. Customer care is available 24×7 even in the middle of the night. I love it. There's no other app I would use to shop my apparels from.
This application has terrible customer support. I ordered a slipper from here a few days ago. The size was smaller than expected. I gave an exchange request and it was shown that the delivery would be made the next day. The next day i tried calling the delivery person to ask when it would get delivered and the number itself wasn't connecting. I tried contacting the customer care but they were of no help. In 2 days, the app was showing 2 delivery attempts were made. Very terrible communication.
Worst service provide in Myntra. I have ordered one track pant does not receive but I am received order has been delivered then I will complaint customer care then they tell me three days time then after two days oreder has been received then I will complaint customer care they again tell three days time this what type of service provide Myntra
There is a bug in the app, whenever there is a notification of any kind and you tap on the notification the app opens the default home page every single time regardless what the notification link was about. That's very disappointing. I ordered 2 products opting COD but after 8 days they cancelled my order claiming that the order was shipped and lost in the transit. Not a good experience.
During the end of reason sale.... I bought 4 products though i got the 3 on time but they lost my 4th product.... Issues can happen, it's fine but i am very disappointed by the result as if my order got lost in the last moment and they are too awestruck about the matter. For compensation they gave me a coupon but it is of no use to me. This was my first ever shopping experience from Myntra and I am highly disappointed. Please improve your whole system.
Myntra shopping is very easy and simple.
Worst experience since I have been using Myntra services. I had ordered Realme Airbuds Air 2 and received my order in a week, but they have provided me a duplicate/fake product. On the second day of the purchase, one of the earbuds stopped working and its charging status is not shown. I tried to contact Realme but they neede an invoice for that, I have been requesting Myntra since last 15 days to send the invoice but they are not helping. Worst Services Ever.
I purchased a product from Mantra, but it had a size issue and didn't fit properly. I tried exchanging it, but the process has been problematic. I raised multiple complaints, but there has been no solution so far. Even after a return request was raised by an executive, the pickup person rejected the product, stating that it was not delivered, which is not true. This whole experience has been disappointing, and I hope Mantra addresses these issues for better customer service.
App is biased and oriented to serve customers who pre-pay for their orders. Try and buy options which are paid are simply unavailable for COD. One of the major glitches on the app. Customer care couldn't help solving the problem either. Not recommended for use, don't waste your time if you don't have a card or online payment options.
Order status is not updating properly on the app. The recived order says, item still in transit and not received says, item delivered. I asked delivery boy, he said packages are maintained by Myntra only. Now I haven't received items from my recent order. There's no direct contact facility to report it. IVR call doesn't connect with support team, chat option won't work. Please simplify support system. I have lost two items and I can't do anything about it.
Such a terrible thing I'm experiencing with an order. I requested a return of one of my order On April 13th immediately after getting it delivered. The delivery agent picked it up on the next day. And then I see that in the order page that the order never got picked up and return request got cancelled and hence no refund. How ridiculous. I have tried so many many times to contact the customer care. But there's no way to contact them.. worst to worst customer service
Not able to see old orders. Kindly fix
Myntra is vry worst and doing fake online professional team. Thy are not having any trust worthy and ethics in customer related issues. App was showing one 'arriving date', but it seems to be much later then that date.. thy hav been told as some silly reasons and customer care was worsted ever been. Totally thy are debited our amount and we are begging to return it from them.. Myntra doing totally online professional violation 😕😔
Lately, the app hangs a lot. Can't click on anything. Reloads the page and have to put the filters again. Coupons are of no use. There is no discount, just some trick to think it's on discount. Add it to the bag and let it be for a day or two if you want the price to go up. The only good thing is, you can sort out things in the wishlist which is not available on any other app, so you can look at for eg: dresses or shirts, regardless of when you added it to the wishlist.
Pathetic app with a disappointing customer service. Happened twice to me that I ended up receiving the wrong product and instead of delivery me the right order. All they did was initiate a return request. And marked the issue close. Wow. If I have to face these kinda issues I should really order from other shopping sites
My experience with Myntra has always been amazing, until recently when I had to order so many items and all of them were shipped at different times and I couldn't even track them until they were delivered to me. Some of the items arrived early while some were late enough to make me worried about their whereabouts. Also lately, my wishlist kept retaining the items I discarded. However, that issue has been resolved as I can see now. Hope you improve your delivery services as soon as possible.
Their collection, product and the delivery executives are all superb. But I do have a concern. I wanted to return and exchange a product. Since the return window had closed, nothing could be done. I called the customer care and requested if anything could be done since I am a regular customer who buys so much. The product was intact with original tags and packing. But sadly they had a very negative attitude and didn't even try to help me.
Why less products available on desktop version and more products visible in app. I noticed this several times. I don't like to use Myntra app. Smaller screen not show proper pictures. Please show all products in all environments. Also price filter is not useful. Please do something for that or Remove it. Current fix range in price filter make it useless. I noticed Myntra showing higher rates compare to same product than Flipkart, Amazon. Please atleast match price, I don't want to use other site
Myntra used to be a good place to buy but my recent experience with it has been horrible. I have been sent a wrong item and have been refused exchange blaming me for the fault. The customer service is far below the mark, and they do not care about the customer at all. Even after exchange they gave me the same wrong product which I complained about. There is no option to send a direct review in the app or place a complaint. It'll be hard to purchase from this app further from now.
Worst experience ever. I had purchased a jacket from this app and when the product came it was damaged and seems old. I had tried to return it fullfill all the formalities.. sended them pictures as well.. but nothing happened. My issue is still pending since the month of November.. it's about to go one month and they're not listening.. customer care will just console you by saying wait for another 48 hours as we're working on it..I don't know how much I have to wait...feels like cheated 😡😡
Excellent. kurta fabric is very good I love it. Plz go for it. Thanks Myntra.
Not satisfactory. Adding additional tax for the products in the cart is the worst experience. The final price can only be understood after checking the cart. The rate of tax is always a mystery. And they have very unique never available customer service. You can't either contact them nor they will contact you back. You'll only understand how frustrating it is when you have to raise any query with them. EORS powered by PayPal, but PayPal is not available in the payment page. Oh Myntra LOL
Worst Delivery time Pathetic experience... i ordered Clogs for Rainy season , its been 20 days still track status showing its not shipped yet.. called customer care thousand time still they have same answer we are working on it but nothing goes on.
Freaking pathetic application. How can the developer decide how many items I could store in my wishlist? Why there's a limit of 500 items at max?? You should improve your app! Uninstalling it right away.
Hello Makers, developers There has been some issue with the app from past 2-3 days, it opens but cannot go to any category or option, it just sticks to the home page, can't even access the profile. Please fix it asap. Reposting this, there is something seriously wrong with the app, it just freezes while searching. Please fix it.
Worst application. No service from customer support just waste of time
It is the site I trust the most for fashion. The products recieved are exactly the same as shown, also the product details are provided minutely. The delivery is fast, refund process is fast i.e one day. What more does. One need?!! Only the improvement would if it could have feature like Amazon prime and deliver in 24hours. I am reducing one star because the given coupons don't work, going in the fraud direction to lure customers, doesn't work on the long run
I'm having a very bad experience with the add to cart I couldn't understand why it really says to discart another product which is saved previously... Well I actually tried to save a dress to cart and it started presenting me that the previous dress which I had added will be discarted when carting this dress... I hope this problem should be resolved...!!!
I was going to use Myntra for shopping for first time. But You devs have completely ruined the shopping experience. After selecting some filters and than going into the reviews section of any product, the screen goes white and then app crashes! I am just done with reinstalling, then selecting & sorting and then crashing process again and again. If they have hired such kind of developers team to handle this app, then imagine the quality of their products. Even myntra website is trash.
Poor and late delivery service, unsatisfactory customer support's response, costlier than other websites. The only good thing is they have more options in clothing. If I get the same brands on Amazon or Flipkart,( which I do sometimes, and that too at a cheaper price) I'd never shop from Myntra. Also, coupons are just for show. I'd give zero rating, if it were possible. And their tracking system is pathetic, even people working with Myntra cannot tell you where the product has reached.
Mytra is most trusted platform for clothing. I am buying from last 10 years. Thanks 👍
Worst and horrible app I ever came across. When the product needs to get delivered, the service is too fast. But when we request to give a refund. They keep delaying it for no reason, got a message that adress is incomplete (how did they got the complete address at the time of delivery) The pickup got delayed for 2-3 times. Horrible experience ever, will never recommend this app to anyone.
bad payment debited but order details not being show in app
Sadly there is no rating below this. I have been cheated by myntra 2 times now. all in last 1 year. Before this everything was good.1st time i ordered Mango jumpsuit but i recd a cheap sweater. I kept talking to customer care and they kept closing my query saying its sorted out. I lost 1850/- i gave up after persuing for nearly 1 month. i decided to finish walletmoney by placing last order. That was mistake!I lost more than a 1000/-returning an item is nightmare. Item picked up but no refund :(
Very bad experience with this app I ordered a shirt and they didn't deliver it on delivery date they don't even respond to my complaint there delivery person is also didn't responded worst experience ever
Very trusted app always have original products so you can always be carefree about it and rely 100% on it, amazing and fast service for delivery as well as returns
Till now it was nice, app is nice.. but this time I have faced a disastrous thing. They delivered duplicate product, I can easily find the duplicacy, logo is not matching, some of the mentioned parts are mossing. After complaint registration also duplicate product is sent as exchange A very bad experience untill now. Offers are also fake. Not going to trust Myntra anymore..😐
Very disgusting and very bad platform I had order today and they are giving delivery on 12 to 13 day after very disappointed... Amazon and filpkart is far more better the this app never install this app and never order from myntra
Sorry but really are you kidding! The item discounts when viewed in list view aren't matching the discounts when viewed in the product detail view. Many T's showing 60% discounts in the list view show only 40-50% discount when seen in the product detail view. Try adding any Premium League T shirt and notice how they fool you! What a waste of time! Also removed 1 star for the login issues... Not only does it take time for the price to reflect correctly, logins are next to impossible.
There are several things that have been a major issue for me to order in Myntra. 1. What is a convenience fee! Within just 2-3 months they have increased this from rs 5 to rs 20! This is very pathetic. Being an insider customer I have to pay an additional charge for just no reason is too disappointing. 2. The app is getting slower day by day. While scrolling it gets too slow to find something. Beside that whenever I open the app it stopped showing anything & doesn't get fixed for too long.
I am disappointed with Myntra. They cancelled almost all my orders (around 5). Even the courier service is a disappointment. I understand that the times are not good and that may be one of the reasons for Myntra to cancel my orders, but you are having "Big Fashion Festival" now. Amazon is doing fine and delivering my stuff perfectly and even earlier. I am waiting for refund on one of my recent order. Please do that.
I ordered a product, got a different product all together. Now I'm trying to exchange/return, but it's not letting me do that. I ordered a different item and if showed order successful but the order screen is still telling me to repurchase something for the exchange to be valid. The return option made me wait two weeks before I have up and chose the exchange one btw. Worst experience ever. Even one star is too much
The service here is dreadful. I received the wrong product, and even after requesting an exchange, they never followed through. Instead of addressing my issue, they resolved it on their own terms without consulting me. Their customer service is non-existent, and lack of any sense of accountability.
The Worst e-commerce application I have ever seen. Not complaining about the products but the service, delivery, exchange and return procedures are the worst. They have got the lame, unethical , insincere delivery executives. It's been one month since I asked for the return, the product has not been picked up though I kept for the return in 2 minutes after receiving the product as I got the wrong size. The wait is more agonifying. These people have to learn some from the best Amazon.
Awesome app for online shopping. Amazing collection and brands. All types of fashion wear available. Price is according to brands but with discounts.
I have ordered 3 NOS shirt. Delevery agent didn't responded my calls. He did not come to my door step once. It was happening since 3 days . This was totally ridiculous worst service of yours. Now they have also increased the prices of shirts. This is totally terrible and fraud things they are doing here.
worst app in the universe. I couldn't login to my account from the website. when I tried it creates a new account using the same number. I can only track my order through mobile. I have ordered an item while it was supposed to be delivered ontime they just postponed it (till now I don't know when they will deliver it). when tried to contact them regarding this everyone tries to convince me to wait for some more time. I have paid the money and waiting for more than the promised time. worst team!
One of the worst plateform for shopping, my parcel was supposed to be delivered on 22nd April and today's it's 25th April and still not got my parcel and when tried to reach to customer care they just ask to have some patients and will get to you and all that... They do not provide service at all and do not give proper answer of our query... I suggest you all if you are shopping anything online then not at all shope at mynta. They consider their customer as hell and do not deliver on time.
The experience has been so good so far, no issues with either ordering, tracking , delivering or even with return or refund .Totally reliable with qualities as well. You get what you see! Has been shopping for me and also my friends n family!❤️ loving Myntra more n more everyday!!❤️Hope I continue to have this good experience in future too!🙏
first thing..delivery charges are too high!!.........taken more money than mentioned in the order detail section and it's true.... free delivery was mentioned but still they charged.. they can't see anyone buying product less than 500rs without any extra charges... but because of wide range and good quality product ONLY, i use myntra. ● when free delivery offer is on then expected delivery shows, after 15 days👎
Nice shopping portal.. everything is good.. there has been a change in the way we see orders, now we have to enter the order number.. kindly fix it and make it like it was before ie. All the orders displayed one by one.. that was far better.. now if I have used the number before or email which I no longer use then it would be hard to retrieve order plus watching the previous orders without any hazzle gives motivation to buy more...
Worst things happening. Cod was available as it says only limited amount and offer shown while shopping was not added to cart.and no customer support.
The worst shopping app i ever found.. I was regular customer.. They took platform fee and shipping charge... Non refundable.. And they took even 80 for shipping and almost 100 extra other than original price of shirt. They are making customer fool by using unfair means... Even I asked them show your myntra policy where it is mentioned that it is non refundable as there are other shopping app also.
My myntra move option doesn't work anymore. It stopped working 3 months back. I even complained in the help centre but they said uninstall n reinstall or restart the phone and closed the issue. None of it worked please do something about it. Very disappointed. Update: Still no response from Myntra. They have not done anything to fix my issue. And the help option in the app is such a waste of time. Like seriously.
I am trying to connect with someone, anyone from Myntra from past 2-3 days and I have been badly unsuccessful to connect to anyone. There is no customer support email id and the number given doesn't support max functionality or have an option to talk to a human. It's just frustrating and I have lost my trust in the brand.
Please stop sending me SMS's saying there's free shipping for me when there is no free shipping. It is very irritating. Another point please do not send me any push notifications, emails or SMS until you've removed the convenience fee because there is no point of buying online if there is restriction in returning the products especially those which have very bad quality or fitting. Nobody pays online just to return the products that's common sense
So I have used this app for the longest time and recently it has just become worst app ever. The products get delivered very late. The returns are super late as well and the customer service is the worst of all as it doesn't connect at all. I wish I had zero stars. Just waiting for my refund and then i can peacefully delete the app
myntra is no more a secure online app in case of refund! they doesn't deserve even 1 star!!! hopeless!!! I have not yet received my refund n whenever I call the customer service they say there is some technical problem going on.. they are not able to view my order status!!! why would someone prefer online shopping if these type of problem arises! it's a loyalty issue n m very very dissapointed! it's better to buy from shop instead of buying online! so I am re-editing my comment
Good but price of everything are too high marked
Myntra will never disappoint any one, Amazing products.
Running roooooslow....lagging , when browsing within filters , hardly lets us select options.... When i logout from the app, it works fine, but after login it becomea difficult.. Also i have a complain When i log in as a guest it shows all products as they are, but when i browse with my own id, the products shown are the one which i had initially viewd, hardly allowing me to browse organically.. MYNTRA....stop suggesting the products that i am viewing, insted let me decide what i want to or buy
Hey ! I am a regular user of Myntra sinse 1 year. The quality and each and everything is best than any other shopping application. But the main reason why I giving myntra @1 Star... Only for the advertisement issue. This application gives too much advertisement in everywhere in YouTube Google and any other gaming application. Now it's become a awful for me to use it. Too much advertisement making a bad impact on everybody. So request you to show ads... In appropriate number and way. Thank U
App is not good , even though I am using enough speed internet , app is very slow . When I wanted to exchange for other size , I didn't find exchange option till last eligible date to return or exchange . Even though I raised concern for the same no proper response and they are updating status with issue resolved. Sometimes Facing login issues . In addition getting all un wanted notifications repeatedly.
Worst experience ever in online shopping. Bad is an understatement for the delivery service and customer service of this application. No matter how early you place an order, it will take more than a month to reach you, so if you are planning on buying something for any occasion through this app, I would advise you to place it at least 6 months prior to the occasion and have an alternative as orders from Myntra gets cancelled as well without your knowledge.
This app is become hopeless due to its pathetic customer service and very stupid approach to customers problem. I had placed an order with them and it was never delivered to me and it showed item delivered. I had partly prepaid for the order. I did not receive any intimation about the delivery as well. When I called up customer care. They flatly refused to do anything about it. It was a pathetic experience. Amazon is much better app to shop.
The worst app and the worst so called champions I have ever met. Myntra tries to bluff customers that a offer period is going on and then you just block the cart so that we cannot avail the offer and your champions they are useless. Just trying to give resolutions which is already told and worked on and no luck but still they just send the same thing. Thank you for your useless app and worst service. Uninstalled the app. Be happy!!!
Their coustomer interaction is just awesome.. their products are best quality..I love this app ...and i will continue all my shopping from here
I had recently purchased a product. The product was entirely different from the image shown in the site. Also the product looks Old. When I try to return the product they are rejecting the request due to the mismatch. When I reached the customer service they are raisinga ticket but the return attempt fails again and they are closing the issue. Really disappointed with the service of MYNTRA
I bought a product from this app and the size was big and now i selected option to return the item still hasn't picked up i received the product on July 16 and when I try to call customer care its a bot telling me to click numbers at the end it told me my return window have expired today was the last day they showed for pickup and the reply for this rating will be a one way communication mail they ask to reply with order id after that there will be nothing
Return pickup was placed by me on the same day when I recieved the product as the product was not as mentioned in the app which was mentioned skin fit but which was very loose and bad shape but the pickup canceled after waiting for long time and not even informed me.. What if u don't check the message and return pickup window closes? Who will bare the loss? Is this the trick you people are playing on customers to sell the things?
1. Even if you get a good price sometimes when there is a sale or something, myntra Cancels your orders, exchanges, returns as per their whims and fancies stating "unforeseen circumstances" 2. Customer support sucks. Especially in the recent past. 3. Really bad return management system when it is assigned to third party company. 4. You may get a different product altogether more often than not. Dont bank on them. Reliable only like 70% of the time. I need to consider taking my business elsewhere
I purchased one Top from Myntra and returned it due to different colour and poor quality issue . Coorier person received the order from my side after 5 days i checked the status it was showing quality failed. On the date 20 Feb 2024 today it is 11 March and I did not receive my money and whenever I call to customer care they say give us 48 hours and they do not allow me to write the feedback about it. Now a days Myntra service is poor. #avoid-using #Myntra
This shopping app is Absolute GOLD best of variety with full on quality. Very nice and cooperative customer service which is really very helpful. Easy return or exchange fantastic offers. The app development is also neat. You should install this if you're into fashion or shopping or whatever. JUST download it and be part of this beautiful app. You won't find anything like this anywhere!.!.
The app was good no lags and nothing earlier but all of sudden the screen stutter a lot while scrolling, going back and every touch you do on app lags make looks like phone is not responding but minimise, phone is great open app again it still stutter and and this happens everytime have to close app & open again within 1 minute of usage it happens again almost 9 of 10 times it stutter, it stutter a lot.....
Received bad products and it's not returnable... second time this year.. really pissed
According to Myntra elite the shipping is free for unlimited purchases however, they are still charging a convenience fee stating that theere has been an increase in order cancellation. However no particular number of returns has been shown anywhere after which it's chargeable. This looks like a cheap and misleading advertising.
The app has become intolerably slow. It becomes almost impossible to go over a conversation, and then like/dislike any option - firstly the like/dislike button doesn't work and secondly it takes forever to browse to the next image. This interface is absolutely unacceptable.
Everything has been going well but I don't know why I can't access my shopping bag due to which I am unable to place orders. Please look into the matter I haven't been able to place my orders for quite awhile now..
Worst experience. I have tried payments multiple time and it is failing everytime. Is it that this app is allowing payments only by CoD..then all the new payment( upi, debit,credit) systems should block myntra. I am Uninstalling this app due to such a bad experience on the payment side..they don't want customer to make payments..funny app
This is a fantastic app n my personal favorite for shopping! Just have 1 request though, please put filter, at least for categories, in the wish list as well. I put lot's of things in my wishlist for various reasons like to buy when I can afford or when there is a discount or when there will be someone's birthday or when i need any particular thing. So filter, even if it is for broad categories will do wonders!! Looking forward to it!
Very rigid and pathetic experience. I got one damaged and one wrong product. So I called their customer care. They asked me for the return. I had asked for replacements and they guided me for the return. That was a bit strange. But i followed them. And now the price of the product has increased when I tried to re-order. All they know is to say 'sorry for inconvenience'. Useless and powerless customer care.
Whenever I add a product to my wishlist or cart or check them out multiple times , it goes out of stock. EVERY SINGLE. TIME. it has become so frustrating. I get it you are trying to create scarcity so the products get sold out faster but I never get the products and have to wait for the stock for weeks after which I don't even want them anymore.
I don't know what's wrong with this app these days, most of the functions don't seem to be working properly...even if I manage to search for an item after a few attempts, thereafter I can't sort , I can't filter ...I was always in love with this shopping app,but the experience is not the same anymore...needs urgent attention!!!!
Recently the app isn't working. The top line of menu, wishlist, search etc doesn't respond when clicked. It makes the shopping experience so tedious. So much so that i completely stopped using the app. I even uninstalled and reinstalled it a couple of times, but the problem persisted. Edit: I reached out to them. Sent them all details as they asked. Still the problem persists even they say they've rectified it.
Most useless app. I ordered something but their delivery executive didn't make any attempt instead gave fake feedback. As after one day lockdown was imposed in my district hence they sent the item back to origin and cancelled my order though i requested them several times to hold on the item and deliver it after lockdown is lifted. I will never ever buy anything from this app
Good app .... super offer...... good backing...... fast delivery....tq
Niether the coupons which Myntra offers, nor you can redeem your collected points. Moreover they cancel the placed order according to thier whims and fancies. They don't provide COD fecilites , mutra accepts only prepaid order and if you return any product, they do not return money. It is completely looting people's money in covid times. Third grade shopping app. Completely disappointing 😕.
Incident 1- Cancelled my return request even though it was raised within 5 days, didn't got the bank discount, their executive replied, the card number is not eligible, when I asked them why it's not in T&C didn't received any response. Finally they updated the T&C and then called....A cheater and fraud. Incident 2- In their website, the product description says L = 42 inches when the product arrived we found L = 40 inches, still their executive says that the product is not eligible for return.
Very bad experience ...3 times products was sent which was different from out is order. Also not allowing to show Return or Replace option. Plus adding 150 for every return as platform charges. One of the cheapest app finding ways to earn 150 rupee... Not recommended app. Better but from nearby store where you have surety to have option to return and you get what you buy. Will never buy from Myntra and won't recommend.
When we complaint about non-delivery of item by their delivery partner(with google reviews that show they do the same everytime) , instead of fixing the issue by changing delivery partner Myntra instead sides with the partner and keeps us waiting till the last day of expected delivery to cancel the order from their side. Great going. If you had cancelled it earlier, I could have looked elsewhere.
Pathetic delivery. One of my product got cancelled on its own. And the second one is still not delivered. Almost a month has passed since I ordered it. It was prepaid one. Now I can't cancel it since I can only cancel it during delivery but it is not being delivered only. But app sure is giving false update about delivery.
The products they have are not all genuine. they have some which are fake also. they charge a very high delivery fee. firstly myntra shows you a price for a product, before you place the order they added tax, delivery fees. dont think the initial price is the final price. will never purchase from myntra till i get my full refund.
Very bad experience which was not at all expected from Myntra. Whenever I am trying to access the options in the account it says "Access Denied, You don't have permission to access" and the customer care executive says issue is with the wifi not with the app. I am using the same wifi for all the other apps and even for my office work as well
I'm a elite customer. I wrote a review about myntra services last year which was also negative. This is second time. I am writing my review. Services are very poor and disappointed. Return/exchange experience was worst.
Third time in a row i am facing an issue with my order. Each and every time it was showing that my product was reached nearest delivery center and none of the time delivery attempt made. First time it was returned to origin without my concern, 2nd time they claimed item got missed somewhere and now they are rescheduling the delivery again due to some technical issues. And whenever i raise an issue for the name shake they are promising that it won't repeat again but it is happening. Worst service
Fraud App. Theives. Stole my money. Suddenly my account is showing as deactivated and I cannot use my money from myntra wallet. Raised request from CC since last one week but no help from them. Beware of putting your money in myntra wallet.
The new update is trash ! The filters are really really reduced. Sometimes all the filters show up, but almost everytime they show only 7 filters when I search. If I go through the categories the show in the cover page, only then the rest of the filters become visible. Before of that MYNTRA was my first priority among all the Indian online shopping apps.
Whenever an item is gift wrapped then it is meant as a gift and can be a surprise one. So whenever we enter the receivers mobile no. the confirmation sms is sent to the receiver and thus the surprise is revealed easily. Please have certain mechanism to dp something about it. Even email confirmation could suffice. Edit: Dropped to one star for imposing platform fees
Worst Experience with Customer Support and app too. Charging delivery for each and every order which I place,the reason is I'm returning products. In that case why there is a option of return. It is the customer choice whether to keep the product or not. If the product doesn't fit or look good and not same like shown in photo's what should customer do.
Myntra is one of the best app for shopping I got many discount.. it's just perfect for online shopping what they show it comes exactly
Good till everything you get fits perfectly. Once u raise return request, either pickup not available or no one comes to pickup. Dont expect refund amount once paid.
Highly unprofessional and pathetic app. My prepaid order was never received and the don’t have an easily reachable customer support and they didn’t refund or return my money or product . They just said they checked from their end and it was delivered. Just because I ordered multiple items does this mean it gives you the right to steal. This is simply cheating when I had made a prepaid payment. Simply useless customer support. Never buying or recommending to anyone. Extremely disappointed
Original products and offers are good. Too much Tax is a concern but i guess it goes for nation's good. App interface is best. I love shopping from this site. I am using it for years never have a single complaint about any product. Shopping is also rewarding with Myntra insider. Overall a five star experience.
I loved shopping from here and I am so called icon insider. One complaint is app gets slow and unusable after sometime. Thought it was my phone, but no.. same issue on my brand new s23 ultra. Wish they would fix that! Also the idea that we can't change mobile no or use email instead is so difficult. I once gave the number of person collecting the parcel, now for every payment, he gets an otp. I contacted support multiple times to change this, without any use. That's why I switch to AJIO now.
Worst app I have ever used worst customer executives Did not refunded my money yet They only console but payment is always pending Trying to grab customers money Edit: i already complained two times but no response
Superb customer experience. Myntra is my go-to app for online shopping. The app is very user friendly (Jabong, please take note), deliveries are super fast and if you ever need to return an item, the process is painless. That's been my consistent experience over the last few years.
Never ever order anything from Myntra. According to their return policies they say that you can return the product in xyz days. When you try to place the return, it shows the pincode is non-serviceable and you have to self ship it. I tried a lot of pincodes including other cities pin codes. It still showed the same. Their warehouse is 15 mins far from my place. I shipped it using Swiggy genie pick and drop, and they didn't reimburse the shipping charges too. FRAUD SERVICES!
Very worst service. They are cancelling everytime orders with best offers without calling to deliver. May be it became a scam.
The app has started behaving strange. It takes lot of time in giving search results and most of the time application freezes and all the filters and search options are gone. This has become very frequent. Earlier I thought there is issue with my phone or internet connection but I am reading the same reviews from other users.Please work on this overall the application is good-Thanks
The worst customer care ever! Its been almost a month since I made a purchase and there is not even a proper chanel to track my order. It still shows "to be delivered on 6th September". But guess whattt? Its the 22nd September now. And even after posting a query about the shipment there is no reply. So thank you very much for your valuable service. I will make sure not to use this app any more. Also to the people who are going to fall into the same trap in lockdown, please find other merchants.
The app is just ridiculous. I am not able to access app since a long time but on browser the website is opening. customer care is of no help. Asking govt id proof to access a shopping app is no where justified. When the credentials are working on browser why the app is failing to do so. You have lost one of your old customer. If not fixed or anyone else face this kind of issue you might lose more. Thank you myntra for not so friendly advices and assistance.
Possibly the most manipulative and misleading app ever made. I've had a terrible shopping experience with Myntra that's just gotten worse over the years. Prices are all way too high even with and especially during sales and the required size is magically never available. I hope Myntra remedies these glaring issues in the days to come or it's going to be extremely difficult to compete with its competitors which are in my opinion MUCH better.
I had a very worst experience with myntra in my first order itself. The product delivered to me is completely wrong, when I ask for return the delivery guy said the item is different so I can't take this and you have to get pre-approval from myntra. I'm trying to reach your customer care, it shows busy. It is completely annoying. The mistake was yours but I have to break my head for this. Worst service. Don't use this app. Full of Fake products.
I am done with Myntra this time. At least check what is ordered and what you are delivering to the customers. I ordered this top and after almost a week I received a completely different product. It wasn't like there were similarities, it was a completely different dress. The product was a long XXXL black dress. I requested for an exchange and they took 15 days to come with the exchange, and gave me wrong product again. Really disappointed!!
Good deals and discounts with quality
What's with the app these days!! Horrible interface, hangs midway, closes while surfing!! While making the payment for one of my recent orders, I really had to struggle for entering the OTP!! Clicked on the send OTP option multiple times, but it was just not coming!! Had such an irritating experience that I had to cancel my order. Myntra really needs to do something about it. There have been so many reviews from people stating the same issue repeatedly however nothing has been done.
Received chappals instead of shoes..worst service from last 12 days 4 times requested for return..no one is coming pick up and they changed the status as return failed..no response from customer care service....
Worst experience and service from last couple of months. They just take up the order and shows tracking still it shipped and after few weeks they mention the status as cancelled. This happens for 905% orders that I made from last 3 months. Please don't relay on this app and it's service anymore. Uninstalled the app... not at all reliable and complete frauds
Myntra offers an exceptional online shopping experience with a vast selection of trendy fashion items, seamless navigation, and convenient payment options. Their intuitive interface makes browsing effortless, while their efficient delivery and return policies ensure customer satisfaction. With frequent discounts and deals, Myntra is my go-to destination for all my fashion needs!
Totally dissatisfied with Myntra service. No proper response. If we get a apparel wich doesn't fit good, it is very difficult to return and replace.Offers, price and quality of products are good. But replacement and return takes very very long time which i felt a negative. Sometimes products requested for return/replace gets rejected without intimation which is one more negative.
Worst ever experience from myntra. Order cancelled after 6 days saying we are unable to deliver your order. no specific reason given neither from customer support. 2 customer disconnected my call after putting my call in hold. 3rd one saying we tried to deliver but couldn't deliver... Reason given- some unknown reason.. even they don't know the reason of order cancellation. Neither recived any call nor any text message. If you can't deliver the product then why do you take order.
Wide Variety but lacks the latest fashion trend. Especially for the women's apparel, Shein offered much more western style of clothes. Sadly it got banned and I can't find a single website which can provide me with comparable choices. Myntra could have capitalised on this, but it's really disappointing to see the same old fashion year after year.
I usually purchase in shoe rooms, because I'll get authentic and new products, here I got couple of old clothes but original only with good discount, but old clothes is old only. and they are not considering the mistakes done by the service(delivery)for the review. so beware when you are shopping.
Faced login issues incessantly. Even after entering the correct OTP, the login attempt failed multiple times. And the customer support executives were of no help at all, just asked me to reinstall the app everytime I reached out to them.
Recently ordered one branded shoe and received totally a different one which is even Unleveled and local product, repeatedly I tried complaining about the product and issue the return request but I am unable to see any response in this matter no one is coming to pickup the order and no refund is happening. In app it is showing out for pick up, but no one comes for the individual pickup. It is just insane. I am not getting any response regarding this. What kind of service is this mynta.??
It's disappointing experience with Myntra . Placed two orders got defective product in First order and another order is being delayed by almost two days. Also, in application it's not showing expected delivery date. It's too horrible experience if someone has planned something for any occasion they will spoil easily.
Myntra doesn't really care about their customers' requests and complaints - be them regular or 'Elite'. When the app glitch didn't allow me to start an exchange for a product - size S - which was too small for me, I clearly reported this issue. And, the greatest minds working at Myntra ended up triggering an exchange at the backend from size S to XS. On reporting that I needed an M (which was perfectly in stock), not XS, they triggered a return - which I never asked for.
Everything is okay about this app but when it comes to refund they don't want to give full amount as it is mentioned there that you have to pay 20 rupees extra and for cod extra 10 rupees it is total 30.No one wants to return their item but when size is not available and the deadline is coming then the dress need to be returned but on the refund part they need to give total amount including platform fee and shipping fee..30 rupees is not less money.plz take a look on it. It is hard to earn money
MY order is delayed.......NO ANS CUSTOMER CARE Very disappointing customer service and also no tracking updates or on time dilevery service. Moreover, their quality of service also downgraded. Not promising at all. You have to wait for a month for products to be dileverd and that too you have to make a call and beg all the time. Not once, twice, but all the time had the worst experience buying from Myntra. Amazon is much better in terms of customer service and on time dilevery.
I ordered a product and returned it the next day, but there has been no update from Myntra. I contacted customer care 3-4 times, and they keep saying the issue will be resolved in 48 hours, but nothing has improved. This is a total waste of time and they keep giving wrong updates. I am totally upset with Myntra's service. Worst of the worst.
I think for the last few orders, I have faced every possible issue - missing items, falsely marking order delivery, fake product and rude & goon like delivery agents. The worst part is that Myntra customer care is so darn poor to be able to correctly address any of these issues. They would rather harass customers than deal with their fraudulent sellers and delivery agents. Time to uninstall!
Very disappointing experience I'm a regular buyer on Myntra & I wanted to avail an offer - 10% instant discount on a minimum spend of 3000 when a Kotak bank card is used. It didn't specify which kotak card. The TCA button was unclickable. I used a kotak credit card but the discount didn't reflect. When I called customer care to report the bug, I was told I need to wait for 4 days to get a resolution. I don't understand why I need to wait till the tech team is able to fix the bugs from back end?
very good quality for all items and genuine products I amused myntra last 10 years
Do not buy from this platform, it's a scam. I have ordered a some clothes worth 12k, at first all the orders got delayed and then they were cancelled. I placed an order again for a Levis jeans but the product quality was so cheap and upon placing a request return almost for a month now they haven't picked it up yet. Everytime I call customer care they just apologise and raise a ticket for my concern. Now I have 5 tickets raised on a single product and yet no solution. Worthless platform.
I have been using Myntra since 2017. Products listed caters to all that I ever need in my wardrobe/ accessories/ make up etc . The app is really good and the company has put sincere efforts to stay abreast with the growing demand and lifestyle changes. Their delivery is most reliable and have accurate tracking system . Overall all this is by far the most successful and reliable online fashion shopping app .
Duplicate product delivered by myntra. Bought axe signature perfume, which was non returnable/non refundable. I have been using it for last 2 years. But what I got on myntra, smells like only alcohol, didn't last long. And when I tried to rate and review product, it denied my rating and review. What a rubbish and fraudulent method to keep the ratings high. Very disappointed by purchase.
Previously myntra was one of the best online purchasing app but now a days it is became the super pathetic one. They did not deliver the right size. After 2 time exchange they asked to return the product but did not send the correct and right size. This happened with me 4 time, hence i am giving the review here. Also the price are super high but service is not as per price.
Very disappointing experience with Myntra recently. Ordered a bag for over Rs. 3k which seemed overpriced already and I had to return it since the quality was extremely poor and did not resemble the pictures AT ALL!! The amount that they refunded was Rs. 20 short of the amount I paid....which the customer care explained as non-refundable platform charges. I don't know where this new rule sprang from but it seemed as though we are being punished for returning bad products.
It's just that I'm loving in a city in which I have to dependent on online apps, otherwise it is not Good and spevislly their delivery partner, they are very rude. First of all either they don't inform about your delivery and left the parcel or if they call and u didn't pick up that and they keep on delaying to deliver the product intentionally. When u raise complain, they nothing have to solve, raise a request and then close it also providing no solution. Worst!
I ordered the items, but they were cancelled due to internal technical issues after the delivery date. I have repeatedly raised the complaint, but it has not been helpful. The order tracking was not updating. I written a email to appfeedback@myntra com. But no reply and not helpful .
Worst and fraud app, it's been a month I'm suffering. I received a wrong product and escalated the same, they raised return for the wrong product. The wrong product was returned but they are not satisfied. I have uninstalled and will never use Myntra anymore. FYI Myntra I have done everything, and I took follow-up for a month! I have uninstalled the app no one using in family. For every single person who can read, this! They sent me Kamasutra lube instead of Shorts!
Very bad experience. They provide damaged product after that denied to pick up or exchange. I have two horrible experience. This time they send one Indya damaged and torn product within a hour I had a conversation regarding this with customer care and uploaded pictures still they denied to pick up it. It was quite expensive and I lost my money for no reason. Shane on their service. Before also same experience.
I am extremely frustrated with Myntra's delivery service. Not only does it take 10-12 days for orders to arrive, but my current order has been at my location for the past 3 days with no attempt to deliver it. This is particularly unacceptable when competitors from the same location manage to deliver within just 3 days. It fe
The worst experience I had rather than any other e-commerce platform. Delivered a wrong and defective product without any tags, requested for return, the delivery guy came and told the product is not matching with the product you ordered. Raised complaints 3 times and didn't got any resolution. They raise query and the other day the query gets declined... Worst shopping app I have ever seen...
The quality of ordered products and delivery process is good. However, I am unable to redeem the accumulated insider points due to tech issues. Also, the discounts on the app are misleading since they are only on selected products and they might not be on the ones that we want to purchase or on those products that are budget friendly. In short, all I see in the app are discounts and loyalty programs but I'm unable to take advantage of them.
I wish I could rate them zero. I requested a return of product because they delivered incorrect one. But they took so long that I got frustrated and lost all hope and cancelled my return. Now when I cancelled it, they keep emailing me everyday that quality check has failed so you cannot claim. Can someone explain these dumb people that how can a "quality check" fail when there was no product returned. I cancelled it. They are the most pathetic and annoying customer service support! Dissapointed!
Very appreciative and geniune products. Thanks to Mintra.
Tracking is not working properly. Though the product is out for delivery or shipped (according to email), product showing packed only in tracking details day after day. Tracking not updated for each and every order . Neither in website, nether in the app.
Return is almost impossible.. I ordered a tshirt. The fit was not right so I raised a return request the same day I got it. Return pickup person said the background color in the design is orange so I can't take the product. Myntra support sucks right now. I tried to raise request. They ask for image of barcode and don't accept any format of pic like .jpeg or png. Ivr doesn't work and goes on in loop. Are u trying to sell fake products and not even taking it back?
Worst app I have seen. I have ordered a track pant . they have sent me defective product, which include 80 rupees of dilevery charge. But now in place of return policy of defective, they didn't taking my product which is defective. They not able to send my money back. The deliver agents are also no good at all.
Bogus app, they never fullfill their orders. Only organize sale take extra money in the name of early access and once you place the order, cancel it on the day of delivery saying not enough stock. Wasted my time and money. Don't bother shopping in their no reason sale it's all bogus.
They have a poor control on the product quality which never fails to disappoint. Abysmal customer support to return the faulty products. Once they managed to keep the refund on hold for more than a month because the tag, what originally the product had was found to be a mismatch only after return. It seems the stringent quality check only happens for returned goods. The pickup guy was well aware of this issue and laughed that it will take more than a month to get the refund.
Worst app.they delivered me wrong product.i immediately apply for return and delivery agent cancelled the request by saying that product didn't have brand tag (which was not delivered).I have talked to more than 10 service champion of Myntra,they continuously cancelling my return request.they didn't provide any information regarding pickup of item for 3 days , it's a worst app.don't waste your money and time.go for other sites.
This is the worst app ...all the clothes are first copies and duplicate one...they just run the business no proper assistant for your queries and problems...they send you the fake clothes and don't even respond again.. instead of buying clothes from myntra...go road side shopping which quality is even better and better cost..at short for best clothing experience leave Myntra...worst experience and Ill.never touch this app..
Products are Good but Worst customer Support. Ordered 3 products and really satisfied with the product and thought of using Myntra regularly. But when I tried to return one of the product due to size issue, the return pickup always shown as failed and rescheduled. After a week the product was picked up but still getting message as pickup failed. Contacted customer care, Always getting reply that wait for 48 hours and they will close the issue. Worst customer care. Never going to use Myntra
I didn't get a product. But the app is showing delivered. Then I called to CC. But the told me the the product is delivered and we cannot do anything. This is your problem,according to CC.. We have to waste our money Nd that is their choice, if they want to delivered the product they will otherwise not. But your money will definitely get waste. Do I highly recommend you to don't but anything from Myntra.
Its very useless app worlds most useless shopping app..there is so much trouble in returning wrong product i have got 2 wrong products still this idiots are not taking it and kept it on hold and when the date exceeded then they provided return option i have tried so many times to talk to customer care but only they provide me AI
Generic products only which gained my trust basically and all the products are original and rates are quite reasonable. The most trustworthy shopping app in comparison with Flipkart as once I ordered the same adidas shoes from Flipkart as well as Myntra so the one I got from Flipkart was cheap and fake but the one I ordered from Myntra was genuine. So from now on I only prefer or recommend Myntra shopping app because of its generous services. The delivery was on time.
Being a myntra insider, I can tell you many things about this app. This app Was best for me - I used to shop. For arpund 20-30k in a year from. Myntra. But now, in this month only I ordered some items. For 10 Times I got wrong product. And myntra is saying every time that they are sorry but they can't do anything. They are like do whatever you want to do. Seriously 10 times is not a joke. Receiving a product wrong for. 10 times is a horrible experience for me.
Just a Bizarre and Useless e-commerce app and site..... There are no assurance of Getting your product by the time and sometimes the products get cancelled even after the order is placed and u are eagerly waiting for the product... sometimes different products do come..... after all refrain from using this app...
Cumbersome refund process. No complaint no. Shows on the app. Returning products is on your luck, if the product doesn't have tag during actual delivery then its the customer who has to bear the pain coz of supplier's negligence and mostly refund goes on hold.(For a longtime) . I am still waiting for it. If tag is so important then why Myntra makes every delivery an open box to ensure the customer that supplier attached the tag with the product.
This app is not at all customer-friendly. No follow up effort in case of negative feedback from customer. They have created automated responses for both 'call us' and 'chat with us' so there is no scope to discuss the real problem. The agent comes at 10.30pm to pick-up a return, which is unimaginable in a civilised society. Even after scheduling a return pickup, for 2 consecutive days no one turns up. I think Myntra is about to down its shutters. And this is the experience of an Elite member.
I purchased 2 items from Myntra costing 4484. Which was not delivered to me but was showing delivered on the app after thousands of complaints on Myntra app I got refund of one item but the other item is shown delivered. Worst customer support, worst delivery. I won't purchase ever again on Myntra, neither let others around me!!!
Useless customer care and even worse delivery partners. Since last 2 days receiving message that the shipment is out for delivery and then it shows delivery failed. Unable to contact customer care as it is all AI. Useless app .. shopping is more of a headache on this site.
The customer care number is unavailable. Such a shame that even after being this big company they don't have a dedicated customer care number. Amazon is hundred times better than this shi!
Myntra app is a cheater app. I created one account and added gift voucher amount in it. When I tried to login after few weeks, the app created another account using same phone number. Now my gift amount balance was lying in one account which could not be accessed in any way. Raised a complaint in Oct 2021 but it could not be resolved even after 6 months and finally in Mar 2022 the voucher expired. They could not resolve the issue and wasted my voucher amount.
Now, Myntra'a delivery service is becoming worse than ever. There's no on time delivery.
Ordered something, delivered wrong product without brand tag and price tag and they denying to exchange and return the money
Worst experience ever, ordered a product and the quality was not up to the mark hence tried returning and the shipping charge 100rs was not returned. How is that even a valid point when we are not keeping the product what the point in paying for the convenience charge. That means we need to keep the product by default even though u don't like it or you will lose around 100 rs for returning. No other apps follow this condition. And more over they charge more for same product as compared to other
I have been shopping from Myntra for 7+ years and I have to say that this is probably THE best e-com application in India for: ease of usage, UI, variety of product collection, fair discounts, quality of products and packaging, payment options, quick delivery - in big + small cities & easy returns/refunds. I may have bought 100s of items, and I have had to call customer care only once in all these years. TIP: Products delivered damaged can be returned/xchanged - always read description b4 buying
I have been shopping from myntra since past 5 years and I never had any complain against them. But this time I have ordered 1 top and have requested for replacement for 6 times and have not received the correct product yet. I have also raised a concern regarding this but can't see any proper response from their end. I came to know regarding the quality by having one same product being used by my sister. But for me when I ordered everytime I'm getting either incorrect product or damaged product.
Why is no one talking about the Rs.99 convenience fee they are charging for every order? I ordered something recently and wanted to return it. I returned it and ordered something else, I had to pay Rs.99 again. Also, the first time I was ordering, the payment didn't go through from their end. When I tried making payment again, it had hiked the price of product by Rs.80. They are completely looting us. I have been a very old and loyal customer, I've had enough. I'm switching to Ajio now.
This is probably the worst app out there. There are no technical issues with the app. But the company's services are questionable. I ordered products from Myntra. The delivery person marked the product as delivered and never delivered the product. I raised the issue through the app and their customer support. They raised a complaint, and later closed it simply saying that the product is delivered. Even escalating didn't help. They're frauds and will steal your stuff. I do not recommend this app.
Worst e-commerce service ever. Ordered my product during EORS sale. Myntra lost my product somewhere during delivery. Didn't inform me of the same for 4 weeks, until I pestered them to raise a ticket. Although the same products are still available in inventory, they didn't bother send a replacement, instead cancelled the order. Now they want me to reorder the same for higher price with their goodwill coupon that doesn't work. Returning the rest of my orders and uninstalling you guys.
Myntra has started new scamming trend. In a sale they show u lods good deal products, it let's u order it, takes ur money and then cancels d order keeps ur money for a week or so to refund it. They send items without tag/stickers so u can't return or exchange it. zero customer support, no delivery on time or bother to deliver items. if u order cod and return it, they don't return your money to bank account. they keep it as myntra credit and force you to order again.
The app exit's by itself in the middle of search. And after loading few pages the pages stop loading and it takes ages to load one page after the app has has loaded few pages and when it fails to load further pages it exit's. Which means you lose track of what you have already seen. It's very frustrating and i don't feel like using myntra anymore. Gone were the days when Myntra app and services were good.
I ordered a coat through my friend's account but found it uncomfortable when tried it on. He put it for return. The return was declined stating quality checks. But there was no quality check issues because I packed it the same way as it was before. Now I'm not able to contact any customer care personal. No damage was done to the item. Also the receipts were intact. I cannot keep the product as it is non usable for me. They don't even provide a platform to lut our concerns.
Myntra, what's wrong with your app suddenly? It started a few weeks back with occasional lags. Now the search feature has completely stopped working. No amount of reinstalling is working. The filters fail to apply, the screen is non responsive 90% of the time I am using it. For example, clicking on the recent searches/ order history etc. is unresponsive 9 out of 10 times I use the app. Please do something about this !
This app is wonderful Certainly! Here’s a sample review for an amazing app: --- **Title: An Exceptional App Experience!** **Rating: ⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐ (5/5)** I've been using [App Name] for the past few months, and it has genuinely transformed my daily routine. Here's why this app stands out: ### **User Interface & Experience** The design is sleek and intuitive, making it incredibly easy to navigate. Whether you are tech-savvy or not, you’ll find everything exactly where you expect it to be.
Very hectic app, even the back button is pressed by mistake, you have to apply filters again. No save option of applied filters. Now it adds another inconvenience, my order was expected to be delivered by today,but it did not, nor i got any notification. I kept waiting whole day but nothing, finally when I reached the support they say will be delivered by tomorrow. Most interesting there is no schedule or any given time of delivery, customer is idiot will wait whole day.. most horrible service.
I have been facing constant issues with loading the app and myntra always seems to be fixing some technical issue. Kindly request you to get this fixed at the earliest!! I am updating my review after four years, but over the last 3 years, it has been one of the most user friendly and efficient shopping app i have used. I have not faced any issues over three years!! Kudos and keep up the amazing work!! Hope to be using it more!!
I have had bad experience multiple times and incurred losses too because of their return policies which are absolutely harrassing. There should be rating in negative as well. The only good thing is customer care service. I'll uninstall the app and recommend my near ones to do the same unless they want unwanted suspense in case of return. Goodbye to Myntraa. Also the search option doesn't work even after clearing the cache. Weird
I just came accross a issue I was delivered a wrong product but when I complained about it they did nothing and haven't even refunded saying we packed the correct product,if it was properly packed then why would a customer complain about it. Instead of throwing it on your us, you should keep your customers on top priority and shouldn't be charged from customers!Very disappointing! Looks like many are facing same problem time to say goodbye to the App! Kudos to losing one more valuable customer!
Always a great experience shopping with Myntra. Delivery is ahead of time, hassle free returns. Application interface has improved a lot lately. Just a couple of things, 1.) I suggest a reminder for a specific size when it's back in stock so I can immediately order 2.) When there's a missing item like eg missing duppatta, the return procedure is little tough. We should raise a complaint and it has some approval etc etc. That can be a little hassle free.
It says a convenience fee of 149, inaddition to regular delivery charges will be added when I tried to place an order now, readon is mentioned that 'I have returned a few items in previous orders', but that was because they were of different sizes than the one that fit me. That's a drawback of ordering online and that's why we have returns n refunds, isn't it? Nonsense app and management. I have uninstalled it and I'm never gonna order through Myntra again.
Worst app for shopping first show the low prices when we go to Mart(bag session) then it shows high price 😔😔 and automatically cancel the order without customer info
Unable to use the app. Something is wrong with the app after an update. Except scrolling the home page I can't perform any other action. The search bar, shopping bag, wishlist, profile, etc nothings works even if I try it 100 times or more. Of all the shopping apps myntra used to be my favorite. I am so disappointed as I can't use myntra like I used to few days back. Hope the team will solve this issue soon.😞
This is the best shopping platform. And very negotiable or chepeast price.
These apps now a days shows the positive reviews only. If anyone gives negative reviews and comments then they restrict it and won't show unless you edit it and give reviews according to them. This happened to me several times. And now they are charging ₹20 extra as platform fee other than shipping charge.
Extreme worst experience with the help system the AI which is not connecting the call with the customer care instead repeating the same menu repeatedly, I had an query on delivary of my product but it's completely unconventional that I can have a chance to talk to customer care and saught it out. But how? it's completely weird that platforms like myntra is doing like this.
Authentic and realiable app... Easy to return exchange...
Convenience fee! They don't refund the convenience fee in case of return. Even if I cancel the order on the same day, still they won't refund the convenience fee, although on the app it clearly says that convenience fee is refunded in case of full order cancellation. Spoke to customer care...seems like they also don't have proper information on that.
So, every cancellation (because of unavailability of size) has extra charges. I lost each time delivery fee because of unavailability of size. Great! It's my mistake to order a product in your website also why refunds talking long time, usually 3-4 days, right? Your customer support absolutely useless for me.
Hello I dont know you people are charging 50rs for each return if we don't like the product then I will return only right u people are putting the charges not expected this from myntra I hope u updated it
I had paid from wallet. I was supposed to receive instant cash back of 10%. It's been a day now, I have received nothing. I am unable to contact the team. I have called more than 20 times. The call never gets connected. The option for arranging a call back is not functional. There is not option for a feedback in the order. What do you except from a customer? Just sales and money?
For buying any product at higher rate, this app is great. You can get anything a lot cheaper on Ajio. The customer service support is just pathetic. Whenever you raise a concern, they will contact you back at their convenience and mark the issue as resolved without even actually resolving the issue. The worst experience ever.
Had worst experience from this app. The desired items are not delivered on given date. Support form app is more worse than ever. We can't contact them about queries and even delivery is not notified via msg or even delivery guy doesn't call if having trouble finding location. Last thing you are informed is regarding cancelled order as they couldn't deliver it! Like seriously 😒. It happened twice, they need to increase communication, add address edit option to add more specific location via gps.
I've been using this shopping app for past two years & I never had any issue regarding their services on those years,but today I'm really in deep disappointment. I ordered a crocs flip flop(footsize no.10) seeing a 50% off but they sent me a no. 11,seeing the product I was disappointed but I felt of exchanging it paying an extra ₹650(As offer drop down to 30%). Keeping a high expectation this time...I was again disappointed 😞 as they sent me the same product. Too bad MYNTRA!!
Worst customer care services. Firstly they deliver wrong product, when I file for return the agent did not accept it saying it didn't match the product you asked for (well, obviously I got the wrong product) and put the return on hold. When I raised the issue, everytime the reply comes we will get back to you in 24 hrs and mark the query as resolved! Its one month since I filed the issue but in vain. I have stopped ordering from mynta. Worst experience from any app.
I had ordered 3 items , 2 of them had been returned to origin without any prior notice . After calling on the last day, I was informed that my address was wrong. I had previously ordered an item with that address without any problem. Now, my COD option isn't available anymore. I'm absolutely dissatisfied with this app. Hope you can make it a better experience.
Very bad experience. I ordered 4 items from Myntra Sales and they canceled 3 of them saying that the ordered got cancelled due to some internal issue. When I called them that's when I got to know that the orders got out of stock. If the orders were out of stock then why did you not tell when I was paying for the order. Didn't get my complete refund also yet. Irrespective of the credits I lost 3 orders that were important. VERY VERY VERY DISSAPOINTING MYNTRA! OTHER APPS ARE BETTER.
Of late, it's been really frustrating dealing with myntra. Every time I place an order, it gets cancelled for some technical reasons or whatsoever reasons. This has happened multiple times, I've lost count now and it's incredibly inconvenient. I am genuinely disappointed with my recent experiences☹️The lack of transparency and reliability is making it impossible for me to trust this app now. Not recommend this app to anyone.👎
I personally love Myntra. Never ever experienced any problems with my orders.. smooth delivery and return. Using it since last 4 years and it's a tacit agreement to continue to do so.. Clothes are good, offers are good. You need to be extra careful while ordering clothes from online platform. Read the instructions, material, size guide thoroughly before adding and you're good to go. Thank you Myntra for being an irreplaceable part of my life.
The app is user friendly. Offers and collections of the products is also good. One thing I have observed for some products, actual price varries when u reach to payment page that may be due to tax. I request to myntra to give all inclusive rate for the product higher than Rs. 500. Sometimes the value of the product is greater compare to other online apps. So, try to match the price with other online store. Other than this, the variety and quality of the every product is very good
I would like to share a scam that Myntra or its sellers are doing by delivering incorrect products without any brand tags. I have ordered a Roadster clogs which came in without any brand tags and was incorrectly sized. I immediately applied for an exchange. The delivery person who came to exchange the product cancelled the exchange stating that no tags are available which were not available in the the first place. I raised a complaint then and there itself and posted product pictures as well but
FIX YOUR APP. It keeps freezing mid way. Can't search anything because it freezes the app. Have to use filters which isn't useful when you are looking for something specific. Have to close and open the app multiple times. And the coupons are so stupid and of no use. Products on Myntra these days are more expensive than the same products on other apps. Range of products is getting boring with limited options. It is getting annoying now. Would rather use some other app than waste my time here.
