nice camera
screen display brightness is very low .
you can not use your phone on sunlight even full brightness .
so i decrease 4 to 3 star .
best in the class .
one of d best under 10kp
camera and battery back up awesome but in 3gb ram mobile is not satisfied pub-g mobile gameing app
i m very satisfied with this purchase .
this phone is very good as i aspected .
best phone .
camera is awesome , value for money and awesome features .
one day backup , fast charge in 65 minutes
mind blowing features in this phone
awesome best camera phone in this budget best performance
good handset
very very nice product
value for money phone .
portrait mode is good .
macro lens is also goodselfie camera is on pointperformance wise this phone is a beast .
but ultimately it depends on usage .
if used lightly the phone cn run more than 1 . 5 days .
if used heavily then the phone can go for 12 hoursall in all its the best deal .
go for it
overall good mobile in this range .
value for money .
camera is a monster .
faster refresh rate .
best budget phone
nice one .
in d budget
superb .
crazy phone it is really ossum
best phone in this price range .
1 . cameras are awesome i &apos;m adding some shots from this phone .
so no issues with battery performance 5 . design is awesome all-over a perfect phone at this price .
just go for it
love the phone awesome camera quality
i am a make up artist .
now not need to any photographer
nice but over saturated
great camera super performance ,
awesome quad camera quality &amp; amp ; speed performance is to good well done realme
the device has simply left me stunned , it simply stunned me with its smooth performance and beautiful design .
i was too excited to capture moments with that 48 mp x 4 quad camera along with macro and portrait lenses adding to the complete experience .
vooc 20w is better than vooc 3 . 0 ( 20w &amp; gt ; 18w ) , the fastest charging phone at this price .
i recommend this device to all
awesome phone
nice phone , i like it soo much .
guys go for it without any doubt .
wonderful camera
thise is a normal selfie .
very satisfying .
performance is best .
phone is overall value for money .
love it too much
i nice ph with great budget
awesome phone
excellent phone
superb camera quality , fast charging almost in half an hour it &apos;s % i &apos;m in love with this mobile .
phone of d year 2019 .
the beast
amazing camera result and overall is very good phone
awesome
excillent i am using this phone .
believe me you never regret .
it is a beast
trust me it best for gaming , i played 2 hours of pubg and just 20 % drained out .
very nice phone very smooth display and very performance
display is so smooth , first impression is amazing and 8 / 128 gb is to amazing if you are thinking to buy you should definitely
absolutely value for money .
delivery was on time and phone is working very good .
best phone in this range .
thanks flipkart
one of the most perfect smartphone available at this price in india # realme 6
the camera is on top notch .
no questions about that .
the quality of every picture is great .
video is best .
phone display is very nice .
performance is excellent .
the price is a bit high .
excellent phone .
best phone at this rang with 8 gb ram , i have read some of review they just lie yes yes they just lie there is a option for battery percentage as you can see it in image
nyc phone
after using 15 days * * * * * pros : 1 . charging : best feature of this phone is 30 watt vooc 4. o charging .
5 / 5it just takes 50 minutes to charge the phone from from 0 to 100 % .
no tension .
2 . camera : camera is brilliant in daylight .
it captures each and every details of the object .
but pics are extremely punchy and has a yellow tint .
64 mp camera captures amazing photo in day light .
but camera struggles a bit in the night .
night pictures are not as expected .
camera .
great phone with budget price
thanks for the fastest delivery flipkart .
it &apos;s a great phone with beautiful camera and battery bt its ultra macro mode its not so gd
excellent mobile .
worth for your money .
5 star rating mobile .
awesome performance .
sexy blue color .
looking forward to further checks .
this phone deserves a 5 star rating at this price .
2 . the 30w vooc charger is insanely fast , can charge the phone from 0 % -68 % within 30 mins .
something which is not available in the market for .
nice
this is the best handset in this range , camera , display and battery are super .
this is truly a flagship phone in this range .
this is my 5th realme device from flipkart before this i purchased 3 realme 2 pro last year and a x 2 months ago , thanks for fast delivery to remote locations also as well as cities .
friends don &apos;t go for negative reviews , only listen to what your heart says , this is the best phone i ever used .
it is a value for money product .
all things of phone are awesome .
this device is simply awesome .
worth every penny .
camera quality is superb .
don &apos;t think just buy it superb camera quality fast charging good battery backup powerful processor value for money
picture quality and 32mp front camera , 30w fast , mobile wait , charger , battery , backup , performance , internet speed , face lock and fingerprint fast working , and super amoled display really so much better or video stabilization good working ( all good ) / ( i am full satisfied ) thanks realme
great cameras .
its a good product .
camera is awesome .
i really like this ph .
good phone with high features and i really liked it .
superb camera and fasting charging incredible .
outstanding .
love it
awesome product
nice phones super
very nice phone good camera best battery backup fast charging
excellent features with reasonable price .
i love this mobile .
impressed with the phone .
great product
the back camera is just crazy as hell
best smart phone @ very low price must buy
there is performance mode where you can adjust to save battery power - i &apos;m using this at high performance and i get 1 day use perfectly .
no lag happened yet .
23 / 12 / 2019 : : after a day of use : this phone is perfectly valued for money spent .
this is best at this price range .
drawbacks of this phone : -camera has .
excellent i love it
value for money
nice phone
good one
very nice products .
i love this phone .
style is awesome .
best phone in this price
i had to go for this one the time i lost my realme 3 . this was my first choice and i &apos;m glad i bought it .
the camera quality is pretty amazing ! has everything a shutterbug would ever want in his camera phone , everything ranging from nightscape for bright-light clicks in the dark to chroma boost for enhancing the colors in it .
it is the best budget smartphone .
under 10 , 000 .
good camera .
good process .
good display .
everything is good in this phone .
awesome phone brilliant mobile .
needless to say , realme has to be the best in the market , right from the features offered in after- sales service ! if i haven &apos;t said it enough , the camera quality is superb , go for it .
highly recommend it to the ones looking for a classy budg .
too good
best phone in a price
good camera quality .
best performance in price .
value for money
best phone in this price range
i &apos;m reviewing it after 2 day use .
it &apos;s battery backup is very good .
i &apos;m playing pubg in balanced and high frame rate without any lag .
it &apos;s is a value for money product .
under this price point you can opt for it without any hesitation .
just wow ! ! i assure you this is the best mobile phone under 8000 rupees .
its functions are equivalent to a 12-12 thousand mobile phone .
camera is just superb .
nice mobile and nice looking thisthis price perfect mobile
awesome product good buy
good camera
thanks for the first delivery awesome phone
awesome phone best buy
performance-4 . 8camera-4 . 9display-4 . 5battery - 4 . 6i just wanna say that the phone is best for gamers and photographers .
best durability , best design .
even the slow motion quality is good , unlike earlier realme phones .
macro shots gets little blur , but works wellrealme is always one step ahead of time .
i loved this cell phone , camera quality is awesome , smooth running , fast changing , mind blowing performance , i m used this mobile phone from last 30 days , fast finger print unlock and face lock also .
value of money
okay
camera
it is a one of the best phone under 20k .
awesome camera perfect
i bought pearl white 6 gb version .
camera is awesome .
haven &apos;t tested it in depth yet as i got it today only but so far so good .
best thing i liked about it is the display .
punchy colors with almost full screen amoled display .
also you get dolby surround sound , you will clearly feel the difference between the output ( only with headphones ) .
go for it .
nice camera , super amoled screen , battery ( 4000mah ) is not enough for high end users but thanks to vooc charger by which you can charge 50 % in just 20 minutes .
it is doing well and one can easily say it a value for money product .
oh my god what a phone that was realme kill me awsome phone .
the best
i love this cam .
value for money .
best buy .
superb camera and nice performance
like it .
this is my review after 3 days of extensive use .
the first that bugs me is , yes you guessed it right the &quot; user interface &quot; .
the color os brings many good things to the package but it still lacks in many categories and doesn &apos;t appear to be as clean as one ui from samsung .
i will list the pros and cons below and explain them too .
super
nice cam
value of money
1. camera good2 . display better then realme2 ( no brightness issue ) 3. play pubg continuously 4 hours , then some frame lag starts due to 720p display .
4. battery is improve due to powerful p70 processor5. one thing is missing i .
good mobile phone
camera and battery , both are superb .
face unlock is comparatively faster than other phones ( personally , i don &apos;t activate it as the phone can also be unlocked using the photo / image ) .
led notification is not available which should have been .
network connectivity is flawless and smooth .
calling and call reception quality is good-speaker output is comparatively lower but better with earphones .
i am yet to try if dolby atmos can be used on this device .
night photography is also good than mo .
nice cam .
but display should be improved
all rounder phone great camera
camera is pretty cool !
very nice product
nice camera good performance and value for money
superb phone
very nice super
its simply awesome and u will love the notch .
the camera simply awesome great dynamic range just fabulous
mind blowing performance .
you are getting the best display in this price range with dewdrop notch .
clearly visible in direct sunlight and auto brightness works well .
battery life is also superb .
well this is the area people are complaining about in this phone .
oppo never failed my expectations .
the camera is awesome .
battery is good .
for me it comes 1 . 5 days .
realme 2 pro simply you won our whole heart .
go for it without any hesitate .
this is best mobile for gaming if you are h gamer then go for it , pubg runs smoothly and the battery backup is also awesome , premium phone as well .
awesome purchase .
realme c1 is one of the best phone under 9k .
here are some highlights of this phone : pros- build quality , looks , rear camera ( especially because of 1080p ) , speed and smoothness .
but great phone at such a price segment .
i brought 3 gb ram variant .
the look and feel of this phone is great .
it is little bulky but feels premium in hand .
camera quality is decent .
what else can you expect at rs .
8000
the overall performance is also good .
one thing i didn &apos;t like about this phone is its .
superb
nice mobile
all good except camera focusing issue while recordingin this price it &apos;s a better product
it is nice phone ever i used
mobile .
go for this .
very nice product and very smooth and speaker is very nice .
thanks for fast delivery .
very fast face unlock .
1 day delivery thanks again for fast delivery .
awsome phone don &apos;t find any point to dislike ittalking of gaming , video , audio each every experience with this phone is just simply outstanding if you want to buy this phone don &apos;t think twice just buy it .
nice phone
awesome .
phone .
highly recommended .
pros : 1 . fabulous display ; 2. good battery performance on standby mode or in normal usage ; 3 . charging time : 20 % to 90 % in less than 25 min .
cons : 1. ui is not that flexible , minor lags may be seen during multi tasking in games as compared to other flagships which offers sd 855 ; 2 . pubg sucks huge battery although in smooth settings .
good screen is good , battery is outstanding
extraordinary performance , charging speed extraordinary , price range extraordinary , outstanding performance .
superb phone ! what you more you need when you have this beast ! !
impressive phone
one of the best mobile under 28. just one word &apos; mind blowing&apos;
love you realme , wt a wonderful mobile , really i am thankful to flipkart and realme company .
awesome phone with powerful profamence i love this product great work from real me this is the original flagships killer
awesome camera , , fastest charging ever 100 % in just 28 minutes .
smoothest display , high on performance .
camera is awesome
almost good .
flagship
good quality products , very fast delivery
best phone with good storage option in this price .
superb phone .
value for money .
excellent
so far so good these is my initial review i will change after using sometime .
superb flagship model in this range .
its a brand
this mobile is awesome and battery backup is good and charging is very very fast but os is not good
camera is good , works great with gcam , battery charges within 30 min ( 0 to 100 ) battery draining screen 90hz refreshment 11 hourssignl reception bot nerwork and wifi mind-blowing
realme x2 pro ufff what a phone this is .
it says dare to leap and it does that perfectly .
every one was waiting for this one and it is worth the wait .
talking about the phone , this is a monster that can beat any other device with ease .
performance is top notch , sd 855 the best processor in the world currently .
7nm technology makes it a power efficient one as well .
display is the best we can get out there , very bright and colo .
flagship killer of the year
best phone
camera is top notch , battery is superb and display 90hzzzzzz .
u won &apos;t feel how smooth it moves .
the only down side is the color os , but no worries , fingers crossed realme is going to release their own version of color os 7 that &apos;s a benefit for realme fans out there .
1 brand in india market .
amazing phone , i love display , camera , look , speed phone very fast , this is a beast phone
terrific performance recommended phone to buysuper nightscape cam also
great camera
camera is good .
amazing features in this segment
awesome camera quality , fabulous processor , full screen and amoled display was killer look , primium feel smartphone
i get my beast yesterdayrealme x is looks like oneplus device it &apos;s premium no other phones can &apos;t get this much premium inthis price .
thank you if lov .
amazing night mode
i am now editing this review on battery after 9 days of usage .
1 . the phone has stunning super amoled panel , the display and color reproduction is very good .
display 5 * 2. i was thinking of sd710 as a disadvantage , but since i cant afford sd730 , i bought this , but to be honest , its very good .
i dont see any lag .
i played asphalt 9 legends , pubg , shadow fight 3 all with high graphics and i dint find any lag .
the game space they have provided , i love it .
it boost .
super camera and battery charging speed
superb product .
value for money
shot on night wonderful camera
as expected , it &apos;s a fast , snappy , good looking even with polycarbonate , gorgeous display , value for money
awesome mobile
very good mobile phone supper
excellent camera clarity .
good snapshot .
really worth for money .
best night mode camera worth it awesome mobile
nice camera
look nice
my best phone very good product &amp; amp ; price
awesome phone , just loved it .
mobile is awesome go for it .
go for it
phone is great but the battery performance is a little less .
if you are normal user than you will get a one day battery backup easily 10 thinks of this phone for you 1. display .
mobile gives outstanding performance .
amazing smart phone .
value for money .
everything is ok .
camera ; battery .
their was need some improvement in coloros .
best performance phone at this price , only drawback is battery backup
value for money very good camera clarity
the issue is notifications icon can &apos;t show on statusbar
good camera and performance
good product
great camera and display is also very good
used after 5 months i rate the review .
very nice camera quality super
excellent phone
what a mobile great features value for money
really awesome product 100 % value for money , best in class display , performance is very very fastcamera quality is also very goodall the design and build quality seems to be 100 % premium
this is an excellent mobile this price
awsome phone awesome camera value for the money
excellent camera quality .
just nailed it
i love this device realme 3 pro .
design of mobile is good .
5 / 516 mp camera is good .
nightscape mode is fabulous .
25 mp selfie camera clicking lovely pictures .
5 / 5 sound on speaker in good .
5 / 5sound on earphones is quite good wow sound .
5 / 5 playing games on this device is lage free smooth .
some time facing heating problem but it &apos;s norm .
wondering product , osm camera
a very good phone with best features in its segment
superb quality
using this phone for almost a week no cons according to mepros .
signal strength and internet speed i have not used many phones .
so i can &apos;t compare camera .
but it can take awesome picture if u control it manually .
many reviews saying about heating issue .
i have not face any .
maybe because i don &apos;t play game .
i alaws turn on power saving mode .
higest temp 3. camera is good , denver is awesome , no hitting issue , good battery backup , overall a good mobile phone in this range .
excellent camera good performance battery backup superb while charging little heating but no problem it &apos;s not a issue very good mobile .
i recommend to buy .
superb
wonderful phone all is well
very nice
this is good phone .
i was pretty much upset as i didn &apos;t get my favorite color .
when will be sale date of radiant blue any idea ? however , after much usage , here &apos;s my honest review about realme 3. pros : 1 . the look , gradient back looks just amazing , overall feel of the device is very premium .
2 . nice display with dewdrop screen , it &apos;s of a very good quality , good brightness .
it looks pretty cool while watching youtube and playing pubg and asphalts3. ota received with nightscape is amazing , thanks to realme t .
body design is very good .
overall performance is very good .
some new function add this mobile as compared to realme 2pro . very fast delivery .
fantastic look
absolutely value for money great look big battery and beautiful display mind blowing purchase
awesome mobile phone
excellent camera
nice
good product .
worthy it
super mobile .
value for money
superb phone in this price
i am writing this review after using this device for 5 days .
3 . option to change the refresh rate to 60hz .
4 . charges 5 % to 100 % in 40 mins .
5 . good build quality .
6 . stereo speaker with dolby support .
7 . good call clarity and signal reception .
8 . 5g support ( but not seen the option to choose 5g on preferred network type ) , hoping it might be due to 5g not available in india .
the best smartphone with an awesome display awesome processor .
front camera is too good .
rear camera can be better as this price point rest everything is fine
except for camera ( which can be fixed in ota updates ) , all the other features are awesome .
super fast charging , super responsive touch screen , good sound quality speakers , fluid display etc .
a very good futuristic mobile for the 2020 .
this mobile is packed with all the latest technologies that exists today .
recommended for those who are looking for a futuristic gadget .
charging time for achieving 100 % is less than 30min .
very nice phone
the phone hardware is very good but the realme ui 1 . 0 needs a lot of policing as the volte is not working for airtel but it works with jio .
after using it for 2 weeks i didn &apos;t find any issue the performance is good .
only concern is volte and wifi calling is not enable currently for airtel .
it is not a good product don &apos;t buy it waste of money on
first impression is very goodbig size notch displayred and black both color is nice .
rear and front camera is also goodbattery backup is awesome .
awesome phone .
must buy .
it &apos;s an amazing mobile phone with least cost
detailed review after using about 10 hrs .
camera is very good captured very good photos from both back and front camera in this price point , so don &apos;t go with negative review .
world best looking phone .
love u real me
love it .
8 mp selfie rock beat 16 mp selfie phone battery 2 . 5 day life
best phone , light weight , better camera and fast processor , long lasting battery
excellent device under such an amazing and satisfying price segment .
it has many good factors .
and many people criticized the phone &apos;s sd 450 processor but , they were wrong .
after about using it around 1 week , i am reviewing about it .
1 ) phone looks stunning , screen quality is good enough .
just , needed to opt out full brightness in outdoors .
2 ) battery is fully great .
even don &apos;t drains usually within 1 and a half day while heavy usage .
3 ) although it comes with huge battery it doesn &apos;t feels bul .
it &apos;s so good , awesome , look , performance , display everything is so so good .
absolute value for money .
a perfect phone in this range
great phone with best features at best price .
i have purchased after many feedbacks from my friends .
three of my friends are using this since september 2018 . all are happy with the performance .
one can go for this phone at this price .
around 13k it &apos;s very good phone to buy .
i play less games , so i don &apos;t know about pubg and others .
battery really lasts at least 1 . 5 day .
camera can more better , but ok .
such a wonderful product for value of money
overall rating is good and excellent
good product and its worth for the prx
still best in todays competition as per ram , processor and storage
super .
very fantastic camera
nice product !
medium
good mobile and value for money
cool , camera is a good
more details will be uploaded after some useage
good phone
best and rock smartphone in this range .
fantastic mobile but rear cemera not good .
good camera , battery and display size is really good .
excellent
well nd good
nyc colour
very very nice set
is ok
value for money .
it was the 2nd handset i bought .
best mobile
awesome phone with great battery and outstanding camera .
their is no phone can beat realme c1. in this price .
just go for it .
best in market at this price range
for 16 gb internal storage company must give an option to move app to memory for which one can enjoy with lots of apps smothly .
camera on portrait mode is also a major con of it because u can see lagging issue which frustate you .
conclusion : excluding these two cons this phone is worth for mon .
vary good phone value for money product and performance .
this device is the best device in its price segment .
its specifications are superb .
and its display is just mindblowing .
and also its face unlock is very fast and accurate .
it &apos;s another advantage is its high efficient &apos; sd 450 &apos; processor which runs the device smoothly .
display is something extraordinary to me .
smooth touch response .
design of the device is pretty good and attractive .
everyone bound to fall in love ! * realme c1 &apos;s camera is good , but not the best .