Shopping experience is really worse. No. of times the article ordered, first gets delayed and then canceled .Even after talking to the customer service help desk number of times, the only reply from them is "sorry for the inconvenience cause to you," but they do nothing. Once the article was reordered by the customer help desk, it got delayed again and probably might get canceled. Myntra doesn't care about customers. If they dont want to deliver the article, then why do they accept the order.
very bad service and poor service team no support from team and worst ever pls do not shopping from this so called myntra go for flipkart and amazon my 1st and last order never go with it in future will give minus rating if possible
This is for blocking my account, with out known reasons. Update to world: We have suspended your account, as per the terms mentioned under Clauses 4 and 12 of the Terms of Use listed on the Website and Mobile App. However, please note that any/ all confirmed orders or transactions that you may have placed till date will be duly considered valid and processed. Please note that all/any linked accounts to your primary account, we have terminated those as well.
Bad experience , i ordered a product , and wanted to return the product in same day , but the delivery person marked it as used , but i didnt even opened it, and myntra team denied to return the product, now i am left with a product that i dont ieven want to keep!!
Best eCommerce website for purchasing clothing and footwear.
I should give no star if it was possible! Horrible delivery system even after taking such big amount of delivery charge on each item, while competitors like Flipkart and Amazon give that for free. Only the collection good! But so what if a misfit dress takes more than stipulated amount of time period to reach and again 10 more days to take a return that too only if you tolerate the horrible behavior of Delivery guys.. That's just too much!!!!
Worst product return experience. I have raised a return request since 7+ days. Everyday i receive the item pickup message and in the evening another message appears that item couldn't picked up as I rescheduled it. When i call the person, no one picks up the call. And after some time, the number gets switched off. The contact us feature on site is also not working. Very disappointing.
Yeah products are good but services are bad and especially it's customer care services and the offers it provide (which is benefiting them instead of customers ex:- they will show you buy 1 get 1 free but for that u have to buy 1 at it's orginal price which compensates the offer price of both, & not only this i have noticed a lot of things it's just i cannot write all). And if i compare with Amazon or other online site, then those are better than myntra in deals, offers or customers services.
[new edit] - I reinstalled the app and was was adding things to wishlist. It fails 95% of the time!!!! If I could five 0 stars, I would!!! Very bad user experience even though the products are good. [Old] - i love the app but right now i am having a bad experience. It is not letting me see my bag. I tried logging out and reinstalling the app. But it is not letting me login either.
Worse app. Exchanging product will take lot of time. Some times they won't agree for exchange.. In my case I ordered proline jogger but I received different colour.. nd size.. delivery agent is not picking up my product for exchange .. this happens for me twice... Amazon or flipkart are much better than Myntra... nd I found multiple bugs nd down times for the application. If someone receive wrong product please return it instead of exchange...
The best app I have experienced till now Have tried many others before, sometimes it was okay but many time I got cheated with no chance of exchange and sometimes could not even contact them. But this one is not like that. If you don't like the product, you can exchange it very easily which I think is the best quality of Myntra. And the product quality is always good.
Worst ecommerce platform. My order was delayed by them without any reason, and after a lot of follow-ups, I got a message that I will get a delivery date update in next 5 days. Worst, pathetic experience. I'm not going to use this platform; Amazon is far better than this. Pathetic!! I'm canceling my order, but they will refund my money after 10 days."
I've been using myntra since very long. But from last of my three to four experiences that I've had by myntra is very worst! Hope you may work on your returns process so that customers should not suffer for their refunds. The same reason for every refund on hold which is not even justified, it is so disturbing. Returning unused product with all the tags intact in it, then too the return is kept on hold . I don't understand what is the issue!
Product sent by myntra is different and i have applied for return so abhi Tak kuch return processed nhi hua. Ab myntra app bekar ho gaya h.... Service is going worst day by day .... They are taking already processing fee still service is poor.. other shopping apps are now better than this... Kindly go towards other shopping app
found convenient to search and by best product with high quality
Worst experience. Bad customer support. Got delivered a wrong item a month ago. Placed almost 30 calls over a period of one month. Every time they promise us that it'll be resolved in a few days time but it won't be. They don't even try to give you a callback as to why the ticket is still not resolved. Literally even tried mailing the ceo. Very poor and unprofessional response from most of the associates I talked to.
I have been a regular user in myntra. But recently its been a headache to use the app. Keeps asking for updates and the screen keeps freezing. And one more thing is that they have disabled COD. It's utterly frustrating as I'm having some trouble paying online. But the least they can do is have COD as well as every app offers it . I won't be using the app anymore as its become really annoying and less user friendly
He shows all those who have a myntra to make a copy, they show the original and send copies, so no one should order from us, if the original is written, if it is from the company, then order from the company's website.
As soon as you add the item to card. The prices increase exponentially. I have seen many product with different pricing saying this is the lowest price. Lol. A Nike shoes I have added in cart at 2560 after some time it increased to 3800 saying this is the lowest price in the year. Myntra is scamming about price changes. It's a trap from Myntra. Not trust worthy at all.
Myntra is so useful it provides 70 to 90 off on every order try this out.
A very successful and reliable site for shopping. Swift payments and refunds. Excellent customer care service. Variety of fashion and other styles.
The worst kind of SCAMMER. When you shop at low prices this is what you end up with. The prices shown on the website are all tax inclusive. But when the clothes are delivered, I ended up paying extra IGST charges on every single item. How ridiculous is that? Then on return, you only get what is shown on website back. I mean it's the height of cheating or scam. I am never again ordering anything from here. You are like Chinese. You show something else and do something else.. STOP.
The products that Myntra sells is of extremely poor quality. Post washing the color just fades out. And they don't refund. The items are extremely overpriced. Recently I purchased two T shirts, and the color faded out post washing for both of them. I initiated a request for refund and even contacted customer service but they just wouldn't refund. I would post pictures if playstore provided such facility. Due to this horrible experience I am starting to think it's better to shop offline.
Prompt delivery and proper response for all the orders I have booked so far
The app has been down since 2-3 days. Cant view my orders saved in the wishlist nor can search any new product. Tried reaching out to customer care, but doesn't look like they are attending any complaints. Return policy and shopping experience of this app no doubt has been good. However for first time users, you need to be aware & keep a track of cost of a particular item over a week to know what exactly is the lowest price you can buy that product for. They can fool yoy saying its discounted!
Ok, the products are nice most of the time, but why doesn't mynthra pay people to maintain the app? I mean it's so may times it will just lag, or stop responding or freeze, and it's annoying. If you're multimillionaire brand, you can def spare like 10 people to make sure the app runs without lagging or freezing
Irritating! Why don't you provide controls of auto play while browsing through your app! It's such a buzz kill when you are enjoying some beautiful songs in background and trying to find something to make you happy! But no! Your products have to start playing in the background and shut down my music! I mean which outdated software you are using which wants to kill my mood as well as urge to shop on your app!
The App promises deals that they can't themselves achieve. They promise 2 days express delivery and it has been 3 days already that i haven't received the order. They said that complaint will take 3 more working days to be acted upon, let alone order delivery. It's very disappointing. Two stars for good clothes and styles but otherwise... Bad delivery experience and worst customer service experience. I would any day choose other options if i have to gift or want at a particular time.
Cheaters. They say 80 or 70%off on their big "sale" and then after the order is placed they change the price without notice? For example i ordered a product for 350rs the order was placed and now when i went to check status of my order its 450? What happened to the offer? When the billing was done it was a different amount? How is that fair? If thats the case show the right price while billing not cheat us with a higher price when the product arrives. This app is getting worse everyday.
FRAUD - there is an ongoing scam where if you return any order they give you an option to immediately credit the refund amount in Myntra credit... PLEASE NEVER USE THAT OPTION and if you choose that option then they will take your money and earn interest on that and make your own money valid for just one year. So if in case you forget to use that money in 1 year or you don't want to buy anything.. your money is LOST.. since there's no option to return from myntra credit to your bank.
This app is good in all aspects compared to ajio...and trust Roadstar brand
This app has the worst customer service. I wanted to exchange a product and it refused to let me change the date to postpone the exchange. I tried calling as well. Our lives don't revolve around Myntra orders. And like clockwork they came and I couldn't be there and they canceled without a refund. Thanks for nothing. Will definitely not use it anymore. Just a tip for everyone, please don't exchange your orders, just return them. At least that way you'll get the refund and place an order again.
Myntra has very ppor service in delivering the items. I have experiencing this third time. My recent experience, delievery is expected on 25 aug still not received it. Customer care people doesnt know about the contact to reach to track status, on application wont be able to track, as information is not up to date. I think, I need to personally visit and carry order, but no address, phone is not available. I wish, There should be an option to rate their delivery svc with negative star.
I don't want to give 1 star also. This is such a cheap app and really poor customer service. I have order bag and I have rejected the product at the time of delivery after raising multiple ticket Myntra didn't provide refund. Shared order rejection details as well. Delivery person took the parcel they didn't check properly. I can only tel totally cheap place to order product
Delivery with the worst delivery person and company. Myntra sucks as hell, they didn't deliver to me yet, it's been 3 days since the scheduled delivery date. Very big scam. The delivery person is utilising this and taking advantage. I would rather use costlier apps . Too bad delivery service. And customer service is worse than that Then just use the script bot to do stuff and they are not giving an option to refund or retry the delivery. Very very bad , deleting this app right now. 👎
Worst experience with Myntra. Ordered a few things and got a delivery failed notification because the app for some reason assigned a random phone number to all my orders. There is no option within the app to change numbers for existing orders. When I called customer service, the only response is that I have to cancel all my orders and place new ones, which obviously I'm not going to do. Bye bye Myntra.
The most important details regarding Myntra insider program is not displayed in mobile view. It will be very difficult for the user to understand the realtion between amount spend and orders. The UI shows that both fields are separated and they have no relation. The info icon too doesn't describes the relation between total amount and number of orders. The error validations are not informative when we apply coupons. I got totally messed up with this insider program.
Myntra's pickup facilities are too bad even worst then meesho and other shopping app
most of the time they send fake, copies of original brands. its disappointing. i found some good stuff on myntra. but now consistently got bad services. and they hav pathetic customer care service. i used to prefer shopping online for ease of shopping, saving time, but this is is tedious task. first get fake, substandard products and then trying to return them and get the refund in 9-11 days. really?
Verry very nice app I like it very much it give too much discount load it!
I'm using Mytra app for quite some time now. With the recent update, none of the top bar clickables are working. The search, notifications, bag, profile none of it. They are just there for display without any related functionality. Its been days that this issue still persists. Gonna uninstall it now.
This app has a bug. I had one Myntra gift card and it was used completely. Then I returned one of the product and the refund got credited in same gift card. But the app is not updating the gift card balance, it is still show even after refund is processed. I called customer care many times, but no resolution was provided. Pathetic experience!!
I've ordered on myntra twice and i had bad experiences with delivery both the times. the person in charge of delivery never answers any of my calls.. and the contact number of the delivery person the app provides is always out of reach or does not exist. And now I've ordered products, its out for delivery according to the app, but the delivery person takes his own sweet time to deliver. and also the app keeps changing the delivery date according to their convenience.
App is user friendly but the customer support is pathetic. Every call gets disconnected in between the conversation and you'd have to repeat the problem you have everytime you get connected to customer care. On my 4th attempt my call was put on hold for 5 mins and never got reconnected to the executive to was speaking to. And they don't call back.
Love this app. I've been using it since the lockdown and they're doing their job really well. I would like if you could add more clothing items from brands such as H&m. Also the videos which appear when you look at a product take forever to load. Hopefully you could improvise on that. Keep up the good work :-)
Waste of time and waste of money!😏 Myntra sells cheap quality product in EORS in the name of discounts. Not at all worth the money. It looks like the products are used. Also sends wrong products sometimes. The fabric of such good brands also looks so cheap. Really really bad experience.
Worst app. They have started a policy to charge covenience fee for customers who is returning products. They have encouraged us to return initially and now this!!! Rediculous. I have credited my amount during refunds to Myntra credit. Now i cannot take it back and if i have to order something i have to pay 200 extra. Worst experience ever. Never believe these scoundrels. When i raised issue with customer care, they were very rude. Disconnected my call and closed the ticket.
I ordered some stuff but that stuff was not up to the mark and it has been more than a month but I havent recieved my refund. More than that I have contacted them twice . Both the time they said tht the transaction has been initiated and will be completed within 3 days. But nothing as such ever happened. I would rather suggest not to buy things from this app.
its just a stop for all the needs from accessories to dressing and look presentable one spit to purchase all Easy add to bag -place order-deliverd so light and very Friendly app..!
Delivery correct time and this application gets more offers
Bought few items from sales, got the others but one item is still missing. I am trying to contact them but Noone of their website is responding neither E-mail nor the calls. (Edited) And now after contacting them they asked me to place a new order for the same item and the price is high now +delivery charges which i have already paid earlier, for all the items at once. Worse shopping site ever i have experienced
This app just goes from bad to worse for me personally. What started off with good products with decent deals slowly turned into average wholesale products with sub standard quality brands. Online shopping will never evolve to an extent that you don't feel the need to return a product. And this app penalizes you as convenience fee for a problem that is their own (sub standard products) which were returned. Maybe you should focus more on the reason of return rather than penalizing customer.
First and foremost my experience was so horrible with myntra, I would never ever recommend anyone to buy stuff from myntra application. I would prefer any other application rather than myntra. They r simply looping their customers. You were much more careless with the last product and it was much buggier than normal. Find a way to fix it next time.”
I have used this app for a long time but , I always have problems that's size - The size chart you provide is very misleading. I always have to exchange it . I never got a cloth that's perfectly my size from the app . Also I would like you to add more western clothes, there's just so much unwanted clothes. I hope you could add things that are comfortable, you either add clothes that are too exposing or too bland . As a girl i want to feel comfortable and fashionable.
I like Myntra because of the variety of good products.
If you buy a product and doesn't fit, you can return, next day they will pick the item but you will never get refund. It's been one month now chasing for refund but no response. Lost my money on this pathetic app. They don't call back and close the issue on the app without resolving. None of the ivr option will connect you to Customer care executive. Pathetic service from myntra team. Uninstalling the app and switching to Amazon fashions as they have better service and products.
Just a glitch that when I am operating the app then suddenly after sometime a white screen comes up and then nothing happens until I press back and when I press back button it takes me to my phone's homescreen and then again I have to open the app and get back to where I was or what I was searching. Hope you guys will pay attention to this thing.
It has gotten worse and worse I have ordered the same product twice. Both the times my delivery attempt failed. Last time it got cancelled too automatically. I RECEIVED NO CALL FROM ANY AGENT ABOUT THE DELIVERY. The item gets shipped but not delivered. And I have to wait a full week in order to see the status. If my product was not available in this area, I should not have been allowed to place order. The same thing being repeated again and again is not done. there is no way to call an agent.
I always face issue with payments. My payments never go through at first attempt. My paymets are always deducted from my bank accounts and the order is never confirmed there is always an error. I have to always place order second time then only my order is confirmed. And it takes such a long time for the amount to be credited back to the bank account.
Amazing appp always first choice... Quality product except sometimes
One of the worst plateform for online shopping. They themselves delayed the order and dont even update the customer regarding this. They offer the delivery date around 12 days and after 12 days they request some more time for delivery............ Overall a useless app. Very disappointed by the service of this app.
I wanted to return. I raised only one issue, I requested Pick-up, please pick up. That's the only thing I wanted. Every time I'm calling, someone smart there is creating multiple messages, notifications that I receive, he/she hangs up saying issue will be resolved. Then next days again I receive messages, notifications of those pseudo/dummy issues being resolved. But nothing moves on ground. No one shows up for pick up. The process has been repeated for 4 times now. I'm fed up their customer sup
Worst app, Not any better way to save time and communicate with customer care in case of any issue. 🤬🤬🤬
They use cheap tactics in shipping. Like a charge 79 rupees in low price items . Why . People wait for low price so they can buy there's favourite.Then they start asking shipping charge .
Terrible encounter! I had requested a return,and the pick-up agent checked all the tags before taking it. The following day, I learned that my refund request had been denied because the tags were missing. When I called their worthless customer service, they advised me to wait for the product to be reshipped before filing a complaint for review. I've been waiting for the thing that I don't want for the past three days. I only get the runaround. They don't deliver on the promises made in their ads
Products are good & genuine, but customer service is very bad, really very bad. They don't even have email id for customer service. You always have to relay on their paid phone service; yes exactly that is not toll free.   I have 5-6 times on their on their number but unable connect any customer executive. Placed return request.It has been 1 week, and i'm still waiting for pickup guy to come & pick up the item.  Really i hate the myntra for its service.
I have been a loyal customer of Myntra since many years. But now the experience is not the same anymore. I placed a return request 10-12 days earlier for a purchase, which was cancelled from your end 2-3 times, still I replaced it, but none of your delivery agents is picking it up. I also tried reaching your customer care support system through messages & calls, but I got absolutely no response. I never expected this out of myntra. Highly disappointed!
worst of all the shopping apps. I bought a product from them and then refunded it because of size problems...the delivery guy took the product and after few days I saw that my return request is declined.. when I contacted the customer service they said they have not yet received the product... it has been 4 months and my refund issue is not yet resolved.. Worst app
Good quality products, delivery always on time.
From past one week, every now and then while exploring products either the app will go haywire or on clicking any product the white screen will appear and will stay there and nothing will happen when you click back the app will crash and when we try to reopen the same all the search results are disappeared and eventhelast item put into wishlist is also disappeared. The wishlist if exceeds by a certain number leads to a problem where no item can be added in it and it gives error sonethingwent wro
I updated the app yesterday and since then I don't understand what's going on with the app. It's hanging. It is slow. And I am trying to place an order but it's asking my default address and when I click and proceed on it, its not moving forward. I keep on selecting the default address but it keeps on repeating again and again. I'm not being able to place my order. Honestly, I am irritated and frustrated now. Please fix it.
Very good service and easy returns fabulous fantastic 🤩😊
I have been using this app since years and was happy with the service myntra provides. Recently, i have received a used product without price tag but unfortunately my photos(proofs for myntra feature) are no more valid. I really don't understand then why do this app asks us to return/upload pics/raise concern incase of any issues. DISAPPOINTED! I would rather buy from Nykaa/Amazon which has more or less same products in their application. Bad customer service!!!!!
Worst customer service I have ever experienced. I placed an order on 28th Jan and haven't received the product till date. I have called to register complaints multiple times, still haven't gotten any update, just apologies and assurances that in 24hs I'll get an update. On top of it I am unable to cancel my order and get my cash back. They are unable to give me a reason for that as well. On top of that they are unable to cancel the order from their end as well. I would recommend not use the app.
Products are as accurate as it is shown but kindly check the product before dispatching to avoid defective product delivery. Also please check the colour difference. Slight colour difference also makes a huge difference. Not so happy with the colour I received sometimes. Good offers. Keep it up.
Terrible service. They don't even have the option to talk to a real customer seevice executive. All I'm getting is the option to find help with the pre-recorded audio. Doesn't matter if I need help with something completely unrelated to information provided on app or that recorded message.
Worst experience. Charging 199 rs as convenience fee for every order . The reason they mentioned is high returns.if the quality is not good , then we will return, that's the whole point in online business right. Even If that's the case they could have charged for 2-4 orders , but everyorder charging more and more. Very worst experience ... Not going to order any more
[Part 1]Worst app when it comes to transparency. Last month I was in top 2% as per them and suddenly this month they are charging Rs. 149 in name of convenience fee(as I have returned orders). Did you guys give a thought why would a customer pay upfront (at the time of placing order only) and then return the order. That means the quality is poor. But instead of fixing the quality,they ask us to exchange and not return. How can i exchange an item when i returned it due to poor quality. NO LOGIC
Very poor issue resolution system. The status is marked delivered even though pre paid product has not been delivered. Moreover Issue is Marked resolved and closed even though no action has been taken to resolve. Also, they keep extending turn around time til return/exchange date is near. Disappointed with the service!
App is fine, even the products sold are amazing. I am just writing this comment to highlight the fact that I don't like the delivery system. If I order 5 items in one order, they are on 5 different days so I have to drop everything and be there to collect the order since there is no one else to do so. Its really hectic and irritating so much so that I would prefer going to a store and shop.
Why can't I add or delete from a wishlist collection I made......it get really useless after some time as I may add stuff from the same category in collection to the wish list
Initially i was skeptical about the app only experience, but now i am convinced that it's far more personalized and portable. However, the desktop option shouldn't have been killed altogether. Rating the flawless app 5!
It was good before the update but after the recent update it has become one of the worst apps. It is very slow and the pictures don't load. Also there is no direct link to order things from the images and we have to go to the bag to order and now I'm having issues with going to the bag as it is not opening. As a result I can't order anything. Turns out to be a negative update this time.
This app was quite good, even I was pretty satisfied, I always ordered dress from here. But since two-three months it's not working properly. Whenever I tap on a product either it's showing not found where it was there on the list or it's jumping to some other products. Plz fix this.
This is my go-to shopping app at all times, specially because of genuine products and excellent customer service. Keep it up !! Would have given it 5 star if customers are given better offers and discounts on total bill. Otherwise no complaints in terms of quality and service. Suggestion: Please add a filter of pockets/no pockets for women clothes (kurtas/kurta sets/bottoms). This would be like a cherry on the cake!!
I've returned my order but the money was not refunded into my account it's been more than two months. Everytime when I'm contacting them they are showing that the problem is resolved but the refund is not happening, they are just stealing our money. Not gonna suggest this app to anyone. Very poor service. Worst app ever
You return a few products and they start charging you Rs 159 for delivery in the name of fair usage policy, which in turn is unfair to a customer since you can't keep all the products which you are just guessing would be good for you as you can only see it on screen. I was stuck and had to buy because they also refuse to transfer your myntra balance to bank. My bad for making a bad choice!
I had placed an order for 3 items on 25th September, but the tracking status for 2 items is "ready for release" since Day 1, the last item still shows "order placed". Why is it taking so long for the orders to be dispatched? Myntra deliveries were prompt earlier. Customer care was also unable to give me a satisfactory response.
Beware!! They are scamming now! I had placed an order for many items together, like I always do. I literally received a dirty rag instead of a top I had ordered. I instantly called up the help centre and asked for return. They assured me that they will but somehow the logistics partner cancelled my pick up. I have been trying to get them to do it to no avail. Also, because I order so many items together, they have not sent one item and already marked it as delivered. This is a scam website now!
Berrylush, Purple Feather and so more brand available for plus sizes.
Myntra has the best fashion collection among all the E-comm websites. However lately I have noticed that the clarity of the App is distorted. I mean everything looks little blurred (144p types). Whereas when I open other apps like Jabong or Flipkart they are absolutely fine and very clear. which suggests I ternwt bandwidth is not the issue. Also the delivery guys have to behave better.Had a very bad experience yesterday.
Myntra has a wide range of options to chose from. It's includes most brands of India and provides us with their latest collections. The delivery is on time but is not very fast. Exchange and return options are satisfactory. Refund is also pretty fast. But I suggest them to include customer reviews and customer pictures for us to chose better options.
I just love shopping at myntra...it spoils you with awesome choices..great deals..discounts and I can shop sitting right at home!! The quality is assured and one doesn't have to be worried of getting duped. I also love their easy and hassle-free return policy....it just makes the whole shopping experience so enjoyable.
Worst app loading. How much time I am loding the shopping bag but not get. It is too frustrated and waste of time. I have tried this from last two days. I have updated the app but still like that. What the nonsense is this don't know.... Wedding function In my home. I have planned to do shopping with myntra but what I can do now on time. Because of the corporate work haven't get time to do shopping from outside store.
Useless...my order not cancelled yet.. it's been 3 months ago..not have any refund..so careless
Been a regular customer from years but recently got a very bad experience. Ordered a shoe and got a relatively cheaper shoe of different size and brand which was ordered by someone else from another city. Tried to return it but their customer support is repeating like an idiot that the item was delivered after a quality check. Going to the consumer forum as there's no hope from their side. Always check the item by opening the parcel while accepting the delivery. I learnt my lesson the hard way.
Worst customer service. They never resolve any ones issues bt still they have mentioned issue resolved on app. They have sent me another pair of earrings inspite of the one i had ordered. Now when i tried to get refund they cancelled it, also i tried to get that exchanged still they cancelled it.. I guess they want customer to keep whatever they send of their choice and availability. There are many who are facing same issues i saw in these reviews.. Dont buy from here..
Customer service has become terrible. There's no option to directly speck to customer service other than selecting different options regarding an issue. Without even trying to reach me delivery was marked unable due to customer refused. I mean what's with that. And more over when ever I tried to call the delivery guy, that number has always been either busy or that person will disconnect it without answering. Now I don't have any other option other than cancelling my order. Great work myntra
Although ... I faced some glitches during sale period has it took some time to reflect the order into my account ... Overall the interface was quite easy and neatly designed .... Like the way we can have a look at the clothes and accessories ... Like the way they are re- innovating according to the trend and needs of the people ... Keep the track you can be unstoppable way going forward in retail online business 🤟
Myntra often gives very good offers and coupons.
What kind of pathetic application. It's getting stuck every now and then it's not working smoothly on redmi note 11. And most of the redmi phones. I was waiting for an update from the app makers to fix it.. It seems like after covid they are still in work from home mode and enjoying making pan cakes rather than working on the improved version of this app.
Order of two of my much preferred tops was cancelled from your end, sighting a vague reason like "some technical issues" and the delivery status shows "lost".Sorry Myntra,I have been a long time user of the app,but this strange cancellation was -a)unconvincing,b) inconvenient and c)lastly but very importantly highly disappointing!
I love everything about this app... But there is one default in this app... There is no specified for baggage section if u want to check trolley backpack or any kind of baggage you have to struggle a lot... It will be helpful if the app develops a special category for this.... So that travellers like me will not fed up with the search method and go to other app to buy the product
earlier Myntra is a very good platform but now onwards they are taking platform charges which I don't like and the shipping is also not free .Earlier uniqueness is there but now as if some competition or race is going on and the one who will earn more money will win the race.
Myntra says hassle free return but if you return more products then they start charging convience fees. Even that was acceptable. But they have deactivated my account without prior intimation/warning. When u call customer care they says the issue is highlighted to the team but the issue is not resolved till date. Please don't buy from this site. They can deactivate your account at anytime without informing you and your money will be blocked in their account or product will be lying with you.
I got a detective product from Myntras side with the second hand of the watch fallen off inside the watch. However, the watch was returned to me after I returned it saying that it was defective. And that was the exact same reason as to why I placed a return order in the first place. Also, the customer support always kept me on hold and didn't respond to my queries properly at all. All they were saying was this was a mistake and would be resolved soon. Very much disappointed and hurt.
I have been using this app for a long time. It's also great to find almost all brands in this app. One of the biggest drawbacks is that this app becomes unresponsive and doesn't open until I uninstall it or it opens the next day. I don't know what is the issue but it happens frequently and it's annoying especially when you are in the middle of shopping. Kindly fix this issue for good rating.
A very pathetic delivery from the Mintra. They delivered, but they don't even know how to track their logistics, if the order is marked as delivered, they can't even track it. The order was marked delivered, not even delivered to me. and the Mintra support team is even worse than imaging. They keep the call on hold until you disconnect it, and you cannot even connect again about the same concern.
A FRAUD app. They charge 20 for providing convince and also chatge extra for COD. Now, if you prepay an order and for some reason, You need to cancel the order, it will not be cancelled. Then whats the point charging extra in the name of convince, if you cant offer the same? FRAUD application
Haven't been able to use the app properly for a few days now. The app opens but then is hung on the main page, unresponsive to any touch. Had placed an order and somehow managed to sort it. This isn't the first time this has happened. Last time, it got fixed by itself in a day or two.
Never ever install or order from myntra. My product din't even arrive on time. Delayed by a month atleast. The customer support too don't have clear idea of the tracking details. Later had to cancel. Experienced this three times. They don't have transparency and fool the customers with delayed delivery. Never rely on this site. The one star is for the photographer for his fool proof pictures of the quality of the clothing. Hats off to you.. Nice skills.. Otherwise Myntra is tooo bad.
This is the most pathetic app for shopping in India, 5 orders were cancelled in the span of two months and everytime they've one common answer "Product lost". Hate this app and would not recommend it to anyone, why take an order when u cannot deliver it. I would've shared all screenshots if it was allowed here. Don't waste even a second of your life on Myntra. Editing my review today after 2 months, Placed the order and it was cancelled in less than a minute still convenience fee was charged.
Evrything is great especially the catalogue content brands n quality. Along with services like easy return and try and buy. But offers suck as to get advantage of offers to the fullest I had to order individually all the items. Clubbing items together reduces the overall discount and no coupon applies to multiple categories. Neither you can apply multiple coupons individually fo4 the items.
Myntra - Fashion is the most significant and effective apps in my phone in recent times, over the years it's becoming more and more attractive, affordable, and elegant. Definitely they have far more range, style, colours, designs compare to other e-commerce sites, Myntra is genuinely providing more options and better coupons and setting a new fashion trends.
This is awesome and always deliver best quality
I'm using Myntra from last 3 years and indeed its a very good app for latest fashions and accessories ....bit expensive but worth it... One of the worst thing about Myntra is that if due to some emergency when we need to change the delivery address than it says that "we don't deliver here" but in real they do deliver everywhere.... I had to cancel my two orders due to the same problem and i reordered the items from the same address which they denied in the first place...i mean if you don't want to deliver the order to the changed address than what's the use of this option?
Having return issue from more than one month. No any support. Tried to contact by call, mail but no any response from them.
Totally useless website this is. I have ordered a product from myntra. They delivered a wrong product to me and after raising a complaint, they are rejecting my complaint and decline to providing me the solution.
Worst online platform with worst customer service ever. For an issue which I had raised for more than a week back, I never get any updates back on that and they simply don't care about the customer experience on their platform at all. If I being an elite customer on the platform, and supposed to get priority customer support is getting this kind of service then I don't know what others will be experiencing. Need Immediate help and attention on the same.
I am using this app from almost 3 months. so far i wasn't having any problem with the application. But from last week, i am having issue with the app. Issue: I have added few products into my cart, and i changed my mind and thought of buying them later. So wanted to move the items to wishlist, but when i tried to click "move to wishlist", none of the items are moving to wishlist. I am getting some error saying "Something went wrong, try again later". Kindly help me fix this issues.
It ranks ONE in being the most fraudulent site that has ever existed since the dawn of internet. It was successful in cheating me not once ,not twice but 3 times and also the products are absolute counterfeits. I was it's so called "elite" customer for 5 years. I loathe it so much that even though I have stopped shopping from it since the past one year, yet when I came across this app again on play store, I couldn't stop from posting this negative but truthful review. The only good thing is...
Fix the app man! Can't expect a user to keep uninstalling and reinstalling the app in order for it to function properly. I had raised the issue on mail as well, the solution given was amateurish to say the least (clear the cache and uninstall, then reinstall. Lol.) Please fix your application issues and release an updated version of the app in order to avoid losing loyal customers to a plethora of other websites.
Please re-stock the products... it's been almost a year some particular products I am trying to go for are not getting back in stock. No use of Sales and all
Disappointing experience. No help from myntra when my returned parcel was lost by them. No refund was given. Continuously closing the issue. All is well when you keep buying and things. Zero support when things go wrong, which they do. I have paid for 2 items that were never delivered to me. And that's not okay.
Really the worst service! I'm a regular customer of this app but the way they cancelled my order due to fault in their delivery process and gave me a poor so called "goodwill" coupan (which has so many pre requisite) in place of my coupan (and free delivery) is really disheartening, worst shopping experience ever , i'm in no mood to make any future purchase.
Delevery scam happenes so don't pay in advanced.No OTP is taken for verification very worst response team
This is one of those apps which gets worse with every update. Now the return item page doesn't work. In the previous update there was a screen which if you enter, you can't get out. Please take care of ur app quality. Android app is seriously frustrating to use. These kind of bugs should not have reached customers.
I used to prefer buying products from Myntra but my recent experience has forced me to reconsider. I always place prepaid orders because i used to assume Myntra is a reliable site but No! I recently ordered a suit (prepaid). The order didn't get delivered but they are showing the status as delivered. I reached out to customer care who assured me that they will resolve the issue and after 2 days they marked the issue as resolved although the issue is still unresolved. It's testing my patience.
Good app in terms of variety of clothes. But worst in terms of how slow the application is. Everytime i click on the notification it takes too long to open the app and once opened the notification related data doesn't load. Instead I get errors like 'page not found', 'cannot load', etc. The app degrades the initial experience of trying to search what I'm looking for as it's very slow to load.
Everytime I ordered I got my product as soon as possible and the products are as expected. In any case if I didn't find the product according to me, I easily returned them. So good app with good courier services, the only thing is shipping charges are high, because of it the price of the product become high. So plz do something on this issue . Thank you
I ordered jeans and it got delivered, the length was not proper, it was way too short, i wanted to exchange jeans, the app was laggy, it got clicked on collect insider points and now i am not able to return it. Its a waste of money and product. I requested that dont want those insider points, let me return or exchange the product. They are not allowing it. Bad service. Lost my 1.5k . Atleast the info should be displayed in the return policy. Its a scam
Just like in flipkart, we can change the shipping of the date of the product ...please bring such type of update in myntra also. Otherwise it is best app.
Recently had a horrid experience when I ordered a pair of leggings and when the product was received I found it was of August 2019. I had fitting issues so raised a return request. The status was falsely marked as pick up attempt failed twice. Today I have raised the request third time. No support from customer care or pick up agent , they are a complete waste of time. Is it a way of dumping old stock? I'm apprehensive about what will be the status update for today. I'm done with Myntra.
it is very easy to shop on this app and also it is super easy to return
shows lower price but charges more during the bill
Expensive and complicated returns. The app filters are not working. The returns are complicated. They send you incorrect product and then reject your return unnecessarily making you wait and talk to their customer executive, who have no clue of what they are saying. Refunds don't come back to your accounts on time. The app layout is also very bad, you have to select filters everytime you want to do a search. Products are not worth the money. I am going to stop using it.
I have placed a order from this site and I got defective product. Raised the concern with customer care and they are unable to help. The product is amended very smartly and delivered. When I explained they got my point that means I am not the first person who faced this issue with this product. They don't do supplier background checks. Anybody can sell their product and fool the customers. Didn't expected this kind of customer services.
My experience with Flipkart's grocery delivery has been very bad in which even after a time slot they don't understand how to wait for the delivery. Flipkart grocery is very bad or they keep delaying even after calling.
Products Delivery time :- always late Customer support :- negative Moral:- you will never get satisfaction by product delivery time frame and customer service representative.
Pathetic experience. I had ordered from Myntra twice ,and both the times I got products which are way beyond my imagination. Both products quality were way too bad as shown in picture. Last time I had ordered a pair of shoe, the shoe which I received was already used by someone. The footprints and strains are clearly visible in both pairs. They don't even check their vendors if they are sending genuine products or not. Pathetic service and horrible experience.
Over the period of time the app experience and overall Myntra experience has degraded. There is no one who answers the phone at customer support, the chatbot is useless, Email responses seem like they are handled by AI, and even though you purchase items worth 1500/2000₹ or above, they still charge you 100₹ as 'convenience fee'. I'd not recommend Myntra to anyone looking for a quick buy, unless you're looking for bulk buying or huge orders.
Returning a product seems impossible with Myntra. Firstly it's not possible to return a product through the app. After contacting the customer care and letting them know that the product is unused with all kinds of proofs, they just say "We have investigated your issue, your claim has been declined and product can't be picked up" without a reason. Uninstalling the app.
They charge you platform fee when you place order, they fail to deliver the correct order twice then they cancel order from their end and refund the amount they charge for the product but forgot that they charged some platform fee as well for pathetic service and response and don't refund the platform fee. Worst customer service but they're keen to ask for top ratings in survey
The app is getting worse...very bad customer service...did 2 exchange... didn't get refund for the surplus amount and the app displays wrong information that the product exchange is cancelled....and the customer service agent keeps saying that the app is facing technical issue...but the issue never gets solved ....in a totally e-commerce based business how can they have technical issue for more than a month...and not addressing the complaint....very much disappointed with the service
I'm a frequent buyer from Myntra.As an insider there was free delivery,now a delivery fee of 20rs is there .That is also fine for me, in sale I have ordered around 12 items , paid delivery charges as well. Now for some of the items there is a size issue and I want to exchange it with one size large.I could c, they kept the option of exchange but don't allow to exchange it , when tried to exchange it with different items, that is also getting rejected.Why this kind of cheap tactics. Disappointing
I installed this app with much hope but I'm pretty disappointed.. 1. It imposes extra taxes on it's product on listing price ..It kinda feels deceiving.. 2.I don't know which courier it use, but the delivery even in the prime cities like patna, even for expensive item is pretty bad.. I haven't received my product after 1 week. 3. The Cash on delivery is not available at many places..It can use card on delivery. I don't know what problem they have. 4. The offers they advertise with focus on app are pretty deceiving.. I thought they would improve after aquistion of Flipkart. But I'm pretty disappointed and I don't know what to expect. Sorry
One of the worst shopping apps I would say. I ordered 2 items (both were already paid), they delivered only one and manipulated that both items were delivered but, the 2nd one wasn't. Even when I complained several times, and called the customer care no one responded, I also sent mails but no response again! They literally ate my money ! I feel its a complete fraud app. Don't purchase anything here.
the best option I like in myntra is style exchange and return policy... The quality of products in myntra are trustable and won't be disappointing. highly recommended
Very bad experience. They rejected my return after the quality check process, the reason said that the return item doesn't have the price..but I returned that product without any damage and with all accessories. The pickup agent first inspect the product and they accepted the product. One they rejected my return i raised issue ...but repeatedly they saying the same....they don't have a proper customer support..
Just a feed back when I am applying filter it id not working .. example I tried to loock for blue jeans and I applied the relevant filter again it is showing me light white.. green ,black and off white. Along with blue... So why did I apply a filter ? No response is needed but want to highlight it to u ... For better experience to the future customers. Thank you
Bad: -COD not available in my location. -Quality products are fine but most of the time sizes are unavailable. -Too high prices as compared to other Indian apps(GST/shipping charges). Good: -More options available for styles and designs. -Product descriptions are detailed. -Easy returns. -Trustworthy. I would still like to use Myntra. Thank you😊.
Buyers beaware!! We ordered 2 pants and 1 item in one shipment was delivered. The other item was showing as yet to be delivered and thought another package in on the way. However, due to some reason, we were able to open the delivered package after a few days and found that there is only one item. When we checked the status of the other item it started showing as delivered. As 72 hours passed customer care refused to take complaint or even investigate. Feel cheated. Lost money. Uninstall Myntra
Very bad experience with my first order. I had ordered an adidas shoes and received a wrong parcel (totally a different shoes) . As I had opted for try and buy I returned the product. Even tho my money was refunded. I wasted my valuable time and they did not even think of giving me replacement or the shoe at the same rate (it was on a discounted rate) . With such type of service I wouldn't even recommend anyone this app. I hope no one faces such issue atleast with their first order
Please fix the bug ... when I am trying to exchange product or try to view orders tab it's shows " internet connection lost please try again or refresh page "...even when my internet connection is stable ..even after reinstalling app or restarting my phone , it doesn't work properly...overall everything is good ...but please fix this issue ASAP. Otherwise I would have given it 5 stars 🌟 rating for this app
First time we booked clothes In this app, the better price with better quality received. Thank you Myntra
Off late, I have noticed the quality of customer service has gone down drastically. Many of the executives don't have a helpful attitude and don't seem to be adept at solving basic queries. Didn't help that Myntra cheated me of a few hundred bucks by telling me that my Myntra credit (refund money in my Myntra wallet) had 'expired'. Also, a product was delayed over 10 days, tried repeatedly to enquire about its whereabouts, but wasn't updated & had to cancel the order ultimately. Disappointed!!!
I have been using this app since 6 years. Also recommended to many people, but something worst happened. I made a huge order of 11 kurta sets from Myntra, out of which just 10 got delivered. My account shows all 11 got delivered. I talked to customer care n they simply refused to resolve the issue. It was already paid . Now I didn't get the product as well as no money return. Worst experience. Unbelievable!! Must delete app. I trusted the app for so many years n this is what I got as reward. 👎
User friendly and an excellent experience. This site understands every bit of how one is planning to shop. Great
You played with our emotion, uninstalled. Same experience repeated, don't know why you dupe people. You don't address the customer complaints and then show arrogance. Deleting the app
I have observed price changes drastically on products. If you decrease price on any occasion that would be good. But without any special reason why prices are moving. If you give a option to attach screen shot i can show you different prices on same product in different days that to drastic increase and decrease. If I buy at high price today suddenly same product is appearing in with half of the cost in the next day. So i lost my amount buying a day before. This is very unfair
Myntra is having a good market in Bengal but they are not offering communication in Bengali language. This is causing huge problem for Bengali speaking people. Now it is time for all Bengali speaking people to boycott Myntra until they start communicating in Bengali language.
I am using myntra from years and was regural customer. I ordered a watch in the last sale with good discount. The took the order and mode of payment was online. On the day of delivery they cancelled my order mentioning "the product got stolen". This was just a excuse as they don't want to deliver the product in that amount. I had faced the same earlier as well. They could have delivered me same watch a bit later , but they cancelled and customer service was not helpful.
So bad they send me the wrong one doesn't accept their fault also they don't exchange neither return the product it's me so bad experience on mutra..
Original product Handsome discount Easy exchange/return Fast service
Overall the app is good but is not give any coupon discount on order above 500 in many apps there is offer so i prefer to use those app but if Myntra work on that then this will he be a super app
Worst experience I ordered a Allen Solly trouser and it was having a size issue so opted for exchange and after that i got the same product with different colour twice. After this problem i raised the issue with customer care but in place of exchanging the product they are saying to return it . Already they wasted my 20 days and still i didn't get the product . I had the worst experience with the myntra Never had this experience with any other online shopping site
Always has the best quality products and most amazing offers and discounts. My one Stop destination for all my fashion needs❤️❤️❤️
Worst service and customer support. Please give them 1 star rating if you suffered that's the only thing in our hand.
SCAM!! SCAM!! SCAM!! Don't fall for its ads, promotions, prices. Ordered smartwatch, I didn't receive any call from delivery person but marked as delivered, contacted customer support but they just extended date by saying investigation is going on, when searched, I found that there are hundreds of similar cases. Fed up with their behaviour, filing case in consumer court as I have seen recent cases of winning over Myntra in court. DONOT ORDER FROM MYNTRA EVER🙏🙏🙏 IF U DONT LISTEN IT'S UR LOSS
Myntra app i order it recently shose send Worrnig products send i requested exchange but not give exchange one time send msg today ur product delivery then send msg 2 hurs delivery failed not come any delivery boy hear this app myntra fraud this dont purchase any product . Bad experience this app
The only issue that ppl face while shopping with Myntra is late delivery. One who has shopped with Amazon(2-3 day delivery) can't wait for 10 days for the product. It'd be better if they try to improve this one thing. Edit - There are sellers who sell low quality products on Myntra and are defaming the brand. User Interface and all other things about the app are awesome. But, low quality products makes the game a bit hard.
Prices are duplicate... don't buy without checking at payment stage....too much of fraud by the Myntra app...I experienced this problem still
Delivery charges applied for my every order. I agree i returned many orders in past but i have also kept many dresses with me.If i dont like stuff or design/color of dress when i receive at home,I would return it. Thats what online shopping helps you with.But you guys expect us to keep each and every item bought from you even if it is bad. Highly unprofessional site.
Order doesn't load easily and app is very slow
Honestly, I have had no issues with usage of the app itself. But my experience with the customer service of the company has left me quite disappointed to the point I want to stop using the app altogether. Many times my product returns are delayed for no reason whatsoever and no reasonable explanation is given from their help center. This kind of poor management has put me off of wanting to shop with them again.
The app works well. Easy to browse & select amongst different patterns, sizes & styles. I remember giving this suggestion a few years back "One suggestion thought, for example if I am browsing for t-shirts, but find the model wearing some good jeans or shoes, I would love to get a tap link to it; if it is available in your entire range." You followed up on it and implemented that in your app. Kudos, one of the few platforms out there that actually listen to their customers reviews & request.
Edit 1: The latest feature of image search is pure awesomeness. I clicked a picture of a newspaper ad in which a girl was wearing blue jacket. And it found styles of various blue jackets. So perfectly done. I will say everybody should try it. Original Review: The app has improvised a lot. My experience is much better now. The quality of goods avaliable is incomparable to any other rival etailer. Keep it up!
Liked it. However the price varies after dropping in bag. So unable to buy products of my budget. products shown in picture r very fine. After delivery the fabric seems like used or an old product. however returns r easy n cash refundable to our account is very fast . During lockdown 2020 in the month on July- Aug, they r making effort to deliver the products. I'm very much thankful to myntra.
when I downloaded it it was very good experience and I bought many things over the last two years. now a days it is not going fair. I bought some and returned the same, but still not received my refund. There is no customer care Email address and I calling again and again since a month on number mentioned in their app but still not received any response. such a bad experience. you should actually deal fair with the customers. I want refund soon.
A very good platform and the clothes here are awesome. wonderful.
One of the worst app, I have ever seen.. I have added two items... Once I added the items in the cart... And proceeded to payment page, the price suddenly goes up... And the coupon code also not applying.. And why these people additionally taking tax... Instead of including in the final price..and the deliveriy is showing wrong before ordering and after ordering the product Totally disappointed....
When you order with huge discount, it gets automatically cancelled and they mention a reason like delivery is not available in your area although I received many order before at same place at which currently gets cancelled. Deliver partner is a very big concern, they only give missed call and when you call back they didn't replied, they tried to attempt fake delivery and your order doesn't delivered.
I had ordered for the very first time through card payment and got a different product! The bill shows a different price and the product a different price. I have contacted myntra helpline several times and their promises only look futile because there is no call back from the supervisor. I thought this issue would be fixed but after the number of calls to the executives, I don't consider this application helpful. Quite disappointed.
Bad , star selection automatically happening for the product which i purchased. I wan to give lowest , but application automatically given 5. I purchased Adorn silver nose pin. Not good as shwon in pictures.. Looks like a dirty old one. Waste of money. I requested for return and my return request was submitted successfully. But no one came for a pick up. When contacted, they instructed me to ship the product. Very bad.This was my review for the product. My review with photos is not posted yet.
Customer care service is very poor with very limited options to choose on digital mode..it's frustrating but ofcourse Myntra has wide range of variety for every section
Worst delivery service . If you order four, only one order will be received.And the delivery executives say that we will not be able to come today.
I like shopping in myntra but nowadays am slowly starting to hate shipping in myntra some products ar worst ..if I exchange the product again I will receive the same kind of worst product.....Thn coupons ar again worst ........Fed up
Payment gateway sucks. Have to jump through hoops to make payment, instead of redirecting to the payment page, it keeps looping on the payment method selection page for some reason, giving the pop up that I may loose a discount if I leave the page. How else do they expect me to complete the payment without going to the Gpay app/desired payment method. Ridiculous. My order is now stuck due to this.
Myntra is a very legit and TRUE application they provide a good service and product..I love their products ❤️
I was using myntra from long ago but now they had made some changes that is affecting user experience. 1. App is quite slow 2. In case our payment failed due to any of the reason, it is auto converted to COD even when we come back to select another payment option. 3. After payment is failed, card offer is gone. Now you can't use that card to place order again with offer. 4. There customer support also got very bad by saying card is not eligible and hang up the call.
Very poor customer care support. Due to error in delivery address I am unable to receive my orders. Now I am unable to cancel the order neither getting any help from support team. I have connected several times with customer care same response everytime that they cannot cancel from their end and I have written email 2 times, no response for that as well. It is very frustrating.
This app sucks now neither let's me use nor filter the options. On filtering the app is stuck and keep on loading. Delivery keep on being late. In some pincode they won't deliver after contacting the customer service all they say is its not in our hands the delivery partner is responsible. And if you want we can take this to higher officials.*INSIDER ICONIC ELITE MEMBERS*are offered free delivery with 0 charge but now they ask for convenience cod charges for some pincode its high. Waste app!!!!
Very costly than actual prices of same product ..bad delivery options..if you have order below 1000 just order it from another website that will atleast 20% cheaper than myntra for same items... The only good thing about myntra is that they have selective items..so it saves time and they seem to have some good marketing strategy the way they advertise when they are actually offering nothing but still make it appears like you are getting a good deal..
Horrible experience, the agent contact number they gave on app is always switch off, and there is no one to contact now at back end as they have automated tym consuming disgusting system in place which just repeats things already available in app, and chat facilities are never open always comes busy. Third class customer service disgusting
Good platform for all the young generation in fashion.
From last month onwards the app is becoming more and more unresponsive. It is getting freezed. The search option will not work. And it takes hrs after which it become responsive. This is 3rd time my uninstialling. Have been using Myntra for a very long time and utill last month never had a issue. Please check the issue.
Kindly please remove this cache, it is like when you open your wishlist to check out the things in it. I can scroll upto like 40-50 items in my wishlist from 250, and below that , they show me items are out stock( but that ain't), after just few minutes the wishlist gets automatically refresh or something and the items are in stock suddenly, again i scroll through another 40 to 50 items, the same thing happens. Please just get rid of this issue, everything else is perfect . Love to use this app. Thanks.
Worst experience with myntra, missing delivery and no solution provided by customer care and its first order. Never buying anything from myntra again and not going to recommend anyone to buy anything here.
Every product is just awesome 😎 am so happy 😀😀😀 and also best design and best quality
June 2022: At one point of time, this was my go-to app for fashion purchases, but since last 2 years, have had multiple instances where you only get rejects / defective / first copy products of premium brands. Have stopped buying from Myntra. The app experience is still best at Myntra, but quality checks on vendors and products has gone for a toss. Update Jan 2023: The app continues it's downward slide. The support function keeps sending you in circles with no progress towards resolution